sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/BaseActivity.java:21:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like REQUEST_STORAGE_READ_ACCESS_PERMISSION
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/BaseActivity.java:21:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like REQUEST_STORAGE_READ_ACCESS_PERMISSION
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/BaseActivity.java:22:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like REQUEST_STORAGE_WRITE_ACCESS_PERMISSION
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/BaseActivity.java:22:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like REQUEST_STORAGE_WRITE_ACCESS_PERMISSION
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/BaseActivity.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rationale' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/BaseActivity.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rationale' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/BaseActivity.java:72:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like negativeBtnClkListener
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/BaseActivity.java:72:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like negativeBtnClkListener
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:54:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DOWNLOAD_NOTIFICATION_ID_DONE
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:54:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DOWNLOAD_NOTIFICATION_ID_DONE
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uri' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uri' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:63:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like savedInstanceState
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:63:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like savedInstanceState
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'savedInstanceState' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'savedInstanceState' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:66:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:66:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:71:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:71:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:71:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:71:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:73:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:73:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:73:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:73:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:76:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:76:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:81:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:81:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:81:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:81:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:93:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:93:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:98:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:98:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:112:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'grantResults' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:112:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'grantResults' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:112:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'permissions' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:112:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'permissions' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:112:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'requestCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:112:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'requestCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:131:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:131:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:132:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:132:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:132:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:132:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:134:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:134:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:136:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:136:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:137:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:137:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:140:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:140:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:145:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'croppedFileUri' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:145:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'croppedFileUri' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:146:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:146:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:146:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like downloadsDirectoryPath
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:146:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like downloadsDirectoryPath
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:147:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:147:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:155:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:155:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:155:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:155:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:160:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:160:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:164:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'file' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:164:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'file' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:174:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:174:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:183:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like notificationBuilder
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:183:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like notificationBuilder
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:184:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like notificationManager
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:184:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like notificationManager
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:195:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:195:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:195:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:195:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:195:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:195:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:195:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:195:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:195:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:195:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:195:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/ResultActivity.java:195:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:47:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:47:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:47:	TooManyFields:	TooManyFields: Too many fields
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:47:	TooManyFields:	TooManyFields: Too many fields
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:51:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like REQUEST_SELECT_PICTURE
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:51:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like REQUEST_SELECT_PICTURE
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:52:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like REQUEST_SELECT_PICTURE_FOR_FRAGMENT
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:52:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like REQUEST_SELECT_PICTURE_FOR_FRAGMENT
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:53:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like SAMPLE_CROPPED_IMAGE_NAME
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:53:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like SAMPLE_CROPPED_IMAGE_NAME
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:55:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mRadioGroupAspectRatio
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:55:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mRadioGroupAspectRatio
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:55:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mRadioGroupCompressionSettings
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:55:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mRadioGroupCompressionSettings
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:56:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mEditTextMaxHeight
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:56:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mEditTextMaxHeight
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:61:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mCheckBoxHideBottomControls
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:61:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mCheckBoxHideBottomControls
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:62:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mCheckBoxFreeStyleCrop
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:62:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mCheckBoxFreeStyleCrop
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:65:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'requestMode' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:65:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'requestMode' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:72:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mToolbarCancelDrawable
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:72:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mToolbarCancelDrawable
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:74:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mToolbarCropDrawable
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:74:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mToolbarCropDrawable
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:78:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mToolbarWidgetColor
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:78:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mToolbarWidgetColor
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:81:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like savedInstanceState
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:81:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like savedInstanceState
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'savedInstanceState' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'savedInstanceState' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'requestCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'requestCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'resultCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'resultCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:95:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:95:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:106:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'mAspectRatioTextWatcher' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:106:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'mAspectRatioTextWatcher' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:106:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mAspectRatioTextWatcher
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:106:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mAspectRatioTextWatcher
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:108:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'after' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:108:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'after' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:108:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'count' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:108:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'count' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:108:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:108:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:108:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:108:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:108:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:108:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:113:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'before' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:113:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'before' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:113:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'count' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:113:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'count' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:113:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:113:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:113:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:113:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:113:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:113:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:118:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:118:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:118:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:118:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:122:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'mMaxSizeTextWatcher' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:122:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'mMaxSizeTextWatcher' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:122:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mMaxSizeTextWatcher
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:122:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mMaxSizeTextWatcher
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:124:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'after' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:124:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'after' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:124:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'count' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:124:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'count' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:124:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:124:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:124:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:124:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:124:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:124:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:128:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'before' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:128:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'before' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:128:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'count' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:128:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'count' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:128:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:128:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:128:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:128:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:128:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:128:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:133:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:133:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:133:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:133:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:134:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:134:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:134:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:134:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:136:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:136:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:146:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'v' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:146:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'v' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:146:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like v
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:146:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like v
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:152:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'v' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:152:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'v' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:152:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like v
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:152:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like v
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:181:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'checkedId' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:181:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'checkedId' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:181:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:181:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:190:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fromUser' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:190:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fromUser' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:190:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'progress' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:190:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'progress' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:190:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'seekBar' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:190:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'seekBar' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:195:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'seekBar' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:195:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'seekBar' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:200:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'seekBar' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:200:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'seekBar' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:222:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uri' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:222:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uri' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:223:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like destinationFileName
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:223:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like destinationFileName
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:265:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:265:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:265:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:265:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:266:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:266:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:266:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:266:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:278:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:278:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:278:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:278:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:279:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:279:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:279:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:279:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:297:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uCrop' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:297:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uCrop' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:364:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'result' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:364:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'result' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:369:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:369:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:374:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'result' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:374:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'result' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:378:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:378:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:380:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:380:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:385:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'showLoader' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:385:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'showLoader' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:391:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'result' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:391:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'result' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:404:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:404:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:404:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:404:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:404:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:404:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:411:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uCrop' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:411:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uCrop' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:412:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:412:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:413:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:413:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:413:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:413:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:413:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:413:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:417:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:417:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:420:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:420:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:428:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:428:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:446:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:446:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:447:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:447:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:450:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like stateButtonDrawable
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:450:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like stateButtonDrawable
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:470:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'color' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:470:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'color' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:474:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:474:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:475:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:475:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:482:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:482:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:487:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:487:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:487:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like menuItemLoaderIcon
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:487:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like menuItemLoaderIcon
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:511:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'menu' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:511:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'menu' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:512:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:512:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:513:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:513:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:518:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:518:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:521:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
sample/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/sample/SampleActivity.java:521:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:212:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:212:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:242:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:242:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:243:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:243:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:298:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:298:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:318:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:318:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:322:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:322:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:323:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:323:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:328:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:328:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:329:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:329:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:330:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:330:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:344:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:344:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:345:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:345:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:346:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:346:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:370:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:370:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:381:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:381:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:382:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:382:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:383:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:383:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:415:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:415:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:416:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:416:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:418:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:418:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:419:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:419:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:420:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:420:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:423:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:423:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:424:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:424:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:425:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:425:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:443:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:443:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:445:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:445:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:447:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:447:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:502:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:502:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:503:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:503:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:513:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:513:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:519:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:519:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:532:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:532:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:542:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:542:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:711:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:711:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:712:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:712:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:713:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropActivity.java:713:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:57:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mWrapStateAspRatio
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:57:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mWrapStateAspRatio
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:58:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mLayoutAspectRatio
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:58:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mLayoutAspectRatio
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:60:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mTextViewScalePercent
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:60:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mTextViewScalePercent
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:60:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mTxtViewRotateAngle
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:60:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mTxtViewRotateAngle
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:73:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_COMPRESS_QUALITY
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:73:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_COMPRESS_QUALITY
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:74:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_COMPRESS_FORMAT
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:74:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_COMPRESS_FORMAT
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:88:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like CONTROLS_ANIMATION_DURATION
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:88:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like CONTROLS_ANIMATION_DURATION
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:90:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like SCALE_WIDGET_SENSITIVITY_COEFFICIENT
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:90:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like SCALE_WIDGET_SENSITIVITY_COEFFICIENT
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:91:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ROTATE_WIDGET_SENSITIVITY_COEFFICIENT
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:91:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ROTATE_WIDGET_SENSITIVITY_COEFFICIENT
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:94:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mActiveControlsWidgetColor
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:94:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mActiveControlsWidgetColor
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:97:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mRootViewBackgroundColor
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:97:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mRootViewBackgroundColor
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:100:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mShowBottomControls
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:100:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mShowBottomControls
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:102:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mControlsTransition
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:102:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mControlsTransition
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:105:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mGestureCropImageView
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:105:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mGestureCropImageView
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:144:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like savedInstanceState
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:144:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like savedInstanceState
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:170:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:170:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:171:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:171:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:192:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:192:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:194:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:194:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:222:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like compressionFormatName
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:222:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like compressionFormatName
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:225:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:225:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:245:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:245:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:249:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:249:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:250:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:250:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:255:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:255:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:256:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:256:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:262:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like aspectRationSelectedByDefault
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:262:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like aspectRationSelectedByDefault
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:270:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:270:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:271:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:271:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:272:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:272:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:296:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:296:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:306:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'currentScale' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:306:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'currentScale' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:318:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'error' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:318:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'error' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:329:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like stateRotateImageView
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:329:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like stateRotateImageView
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:330:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like stateAspectRatioImageView
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:330:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like stateAspectRatioImageView
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:333:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:333:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:334:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:334:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:338:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like aspectRationSelectedByDefault
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:338:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like aspectRationSelectedByDefault
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:341:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:341:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:347:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:347:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:353:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like wrapperAspectRatioList
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:353:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like wrapperAspectRatioList
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:360:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:360:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:370:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:370:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:372:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like cropAspectRatioView
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:372:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like cropAspectRatioView
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:380:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like cropAspectRatioView
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:380:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like cropAspectRatioView
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:389:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'view' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:389:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'view' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:487:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'angle' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:487:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'angle' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:492:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mStateClickListener
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:492:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mStateClickListener
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:538:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'stateViewId' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:538:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'stateViewId' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:540:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:540:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:542:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:542:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:543:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:543:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:544:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:544:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:547:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tab' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/UCropFragment.java:547:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tab' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/callback/BitmapCropCallback.java:11:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/callback/BitmapCropCallback.java:11:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/callback/BitmapLoadCallback.java:14:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like bitmapWorkerException
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/callback/BitmapLoadCallback.java:14:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like bitmapWorkerException
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/model/CropParameters.java:12:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mMaxResultImageSizeX
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/model/CropParameters.java:12:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mMaxResultImageSizeX
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/model/CropParameters.java:12:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mMaxResultImageSizeY
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/model/CropParameters.java:12:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mMaxResultImageSizeY
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/model/CropParameters.java:20:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like maxResultImageSizeX
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/model/CropParameters.java:20:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like maxResultImageSizeX
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/model/CropParameters.java:20:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like maxResultImageSizeY
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/model/CropParameters.java:20:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like maxResultImageSizeY
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapCropTask.java:44:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'mCurrentAngle' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapCropTask.java:44:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'mCurrentAngle' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapCropTask.java:45:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mMaxResultImageSizeX
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapCropTask.java:45:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mMaxResultImageSizeX
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapCropTask.java:45:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mMaxResultImageSizeY
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapCropTask.java:45:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mMaxResultImageSizeY
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapCropTask.java:53:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mCroppedImageHeight
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapCropTask.java:53:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mCroppedImageHeight
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapCropTask.java:53:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mCroppedImageWidth
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapCropTask.java:53:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mCroppedImageWidth
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapCropTask.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cropParameters' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapCropTask.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cropParameters' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapCropTask.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imageState' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapCropTask.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imageState' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapCropTask.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'viewBitmap' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapCropTask.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'viewBitmap' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapCropTask.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cropCallback' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapCropTask.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cropCallback' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapCropTask.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'params' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapCropTask.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'params' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapCropTask.java:131:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'resizeScale' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapCropTask.java:131:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'resizeScale' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapCropTask.java:165:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'height' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapCropTask.java:165:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'height' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapCropTask.java:165:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'width' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapCropTask.java:165:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'width' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapCropTask.java:185:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapCropTask.java:185:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapCropTask.java:185:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapCropTask.java:185:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:44:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'mOutputUri' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:44:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'mOutputUri' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:48:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mBitmapLoadCallback
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:48:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mBitmapLoadCallback
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:54:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mBitmapWorkerException
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:54:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mBitmapWorkerException
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'bitmapResult' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'bitmapResult' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'exifInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'exifInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:61:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like bitmapWorkerException
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:61:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like bitmapWorkerException
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'bitmapWorkerException' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'bitmapWorkerException' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inputUri' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inputUri' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'outputUri' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'outputUri' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'requiredHeight' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'requiredHeight' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'requiredWidth' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'requiredWidth' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'loadCallback' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'loadCallback' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'params' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'params' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:88:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:88:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:97:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like decodeSampledBitmap
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:97:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like decodeSampledBitmap
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:99:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like decodeAttemptSuccess
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:99:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like decodeAttemptSuccess
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:102:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:102:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:111:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:111:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:152:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:152:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:159:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:159:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:169:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inputUri' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:169:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inputUri' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:169:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'outputUri' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:169:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'outputUri' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:179:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:179:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:200:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inputUri' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:200:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inputUri' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:200:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'outputUri' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:200:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'outputUri' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:216:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:216:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:217:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:217:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:219:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:219:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:232:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:232:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:241:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'result' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:241:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'result' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:249:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'bitmap' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/task/BitmapLoadTask.java:249:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'bitmap' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/BitmapLoadUtils.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/BitmapLoadUtils.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/BitmapLoadUtils.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'outputUri' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/BitmapLoadUtils.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'outputUri' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/BitmapLoadUtils.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uri' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/BitmapLoadUtils.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uri' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/BitmapLoadUtils.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'requiredHeight' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/BitmapLoadUtils.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'requiredHeight' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/BitmapLoadUtils.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'requiredWidth' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/BitmapLoadUtils.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'requiredWidth' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/BitmapLoadUtils.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'loadCallback' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/BitmapLoadUtils.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'loadCallback' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/BitmapLoadUtils.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'transformMatrix' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/BitmapLoadUtils.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'transformMatrix' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/BitmapLoadUtils.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'options' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/BitmapLoadUtils.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'options' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/BitmapLoadUtils.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reqHeight' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/BitmapLoadUtils.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reqHeight' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/BitmapLoadUtils.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reqWidth' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/BitmapLoadUtils.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reqWidth' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/BitmapLoadUtils.java:72:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/BitmapLoadUtils.java:72:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/BitmapLoadUtils.java:72:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imageUri' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/BitmapLoadUtils.java:72:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imageUri' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/BitmapLoadUtils.java:75:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/BitmapLoadUtils.java:75:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/BitmapLoadUtils.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'exifOrientation' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/BitmapLoadUtils.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'exifOrientation' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/BitmapLoadUtils.java:108:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'exifOrientation' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/BitmapLoadUtils.java:108:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'exifOrientation' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/BitmapLoadUtils.java:131:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/BitmapLoadUtils.java:131:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/BitmapLoadUtils.java:132:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like wm
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/BitmapLoadUtils.java:132:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like wm
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/BitmapLoadUtils.java:166:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/BitmapLoadUtils.java:166:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/BitmapLoadUtils.java:166:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/BitmapLoadUtils.java:166:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/CubicEasing.java:5:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'duration' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/CubicEasing.java:5:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'duration' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/CubicEasing.java:5:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'end' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/CubicEasing.java:5:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'end' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/CubicEasing.java:5:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/CubicEasing.java:5:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/CubicEasing.java:9:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'duration' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/CubicEasing.java:9:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'duration' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/CubicEasing.java:9:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'end' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/CubicEasing.java:9:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'end' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/CubicEasing.java:9:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/CubicEasing.java:9:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/CubicEasing.java:13:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'duration' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/CubicEasing.java:13:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'duration' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/CubicEasing.java:13:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'end' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/CubicEasing.java:13:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'end' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/CubicEasing.java:13:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/CubicEasing.java:13:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/EglUtils.java:19:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/EglUtils.java:19:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/EglUtils.java:34:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/EglUtils.java:34:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/EglUtils.java:91:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/EglUtils.java:91:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/EglUtils.java:93:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/EglUtils.java:93:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/EglUtils.java:95:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/EglUtils.java:95:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/EglUtils.java:105:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/EglUtils.java:105:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/EglUtils.java:116:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/EglUtils.java:116:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/EglUtils.java:117:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like EGL_CONTEXT_CLIENT_VERSION
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/EglUtils.java:117:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like EGL_CONTEXT_CLIENT_VERSION
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/EglUtils.java:122:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/EglUtils.java:122:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/EglUtils.java:123:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/EglUtils.java:123:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/EglUtils.java:126:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/EglUtils.java:126:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/EglUtils.java:128:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/EglUtils.java:128:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/EglUtils.java:129:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/EglUtils.java:129:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/EglUtils.java:130:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/EglUtils.java:130:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/FastBitmapDrawable.java:33:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'b' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/FastBitmapDrawable.java:33:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'b' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/FastBitmapDrawable.java:33:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like b
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/FastBitmapDrawable.java:33:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like b
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/FastBitmapDrawable.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'canvas' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/FastBitmapDrawable.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'canvas' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/FastBitmapDrawable.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cf' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/FastBitmapDrawable.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cf' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/FastBitmapDrawable.java:46:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like cf
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/FastBitmapDrawable.java:46:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like cf
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/FastBitmapDrawable.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'filterBitmap' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/FastBitmapDrawable.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'filterBitmap' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/FastBitmapDrawable.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'alpha' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/FastBitmapDrawable.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'alpha' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/FastBitmapDrawable.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'b' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/FastBitmapDrawable.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'b' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/FastBitmapDrawable.java:93:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like b
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/FastBitmapDrawable.java:93:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like b
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/FileUtils.java:45:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/FileUtils.java:45:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/FileUtils.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uri' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/FileUtils.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uri' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/FileUtils.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uri' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/FileUtils.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uri' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/FileUtils.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uri' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/FileUtils.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uri' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/FileUtils.java:86:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uri' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/FileUtils.java:86:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uri' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/FileUtils.java:101:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/FileUtils.java:101:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/FileUtils.java:101:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'selection' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/FileUtils.java:101:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'selection' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/FileUtils.java:101:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uri' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/FileUtils.java:101:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uri' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/FileUtils.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'selectionArgs' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/FileUtils.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'selectionArgs' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/FileUtils.java:111:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/FileUtils.java:111:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/FileUtils.java:147:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/FileUtils.java:147:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/FileUtils.java:159:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/FileUtils.java:159:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/FileUtils.java:175:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/FileUtils.java:175:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/FileUtils.java:219:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pathFrom' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/FileUtils.java:219:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pathFrom' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/FileUtils.java:219:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pathTo' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/FileUtils.java:219:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pathTo' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/FileUtils.java:232:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/FileUtils.java:232:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/FileUtils.java:233:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/FileUtils.java:233:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:54:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like UNKNOWN_ORIENTATION
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:54:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like UNKNOWN_ORIENTATION
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:58:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like MOTOROLA_TIFF_MAGIC_NUMBER
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:58:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like MOTOROLA_TIFF_MAGIC_NUMBER
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:60:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like INTEL_TIFF_MAGIC_NUMBER
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:60:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like INTEL_TIFF_MAGIC_NUMBER
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:61:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like JPEG_EXIF_SEGMENT_PREAMBLE
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:61:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like JPEG_EXIF_SEGMENT_PREAMBLE
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:62:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like JPEG_EXIF_SEGMENT_PREAMBLE_BYTES
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:62:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like JPEG_EXIF_SEGMENT_PREAMBLE_BYTES
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:68:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ORIENTATION_TAG_TYPE
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:68:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ORIENTATION_TAG_TYPE
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'is' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'is' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:73:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like is
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:73:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like is
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'exifSegmentLength' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'exifSegmentLength' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tempArray' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tempArray' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:118:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like hasJpegExifPreamble
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:118:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like hasJpegExifPreamble
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:129:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'exifData' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:129:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'exifData' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:129:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'exifSegmentLength' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:129:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'exifSegmentLength' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:190:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'segmentData' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:190:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'segmentData' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:193:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like byteOrderIdentifier
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:193:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like byteOrderIdentifier
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:277:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ifdOffset' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:277:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ifdOffset' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:277:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tagIndex' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:277:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tagIndex' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:281:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imageMagicNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:281:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imageMagicNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:290:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:290:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:290:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:290:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:296:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'byteOrder' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:296:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'byteOrder' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:304:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:304:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:308:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:308:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:324:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like is
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:324:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like is
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:327:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'is' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:327:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'is' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:327:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like is
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:327:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like is
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:342:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'total' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:342:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'total' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:369:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'buffer' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:369:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'buffer' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:369:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'byteCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:369:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'byteCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:379:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'height' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:379:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'height' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:379:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imageOutputPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:379:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imageOutputPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:379:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'originalExif' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:379:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'originalExif' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:379:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'width' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/ImageHeaderParser.java:379:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'width' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/RectUtils.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'r' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/RectUtils.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'r' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/RectUtils.java:20:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like r
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/RectUtils.java:20:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like r
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/RectUtils.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'corners' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/RectUtils.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'corners' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/RectUtils.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'r' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/RectUtils.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'r' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/RectUtils.java:46:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like r
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/RectUtils.java:46:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like r
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/RectUtils.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'array' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/RectUtils.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'array' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/RectUtils.java:58:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like r
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/RectUtils.java:58:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like r
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/RectUtils.java:61:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like x
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/RectUtils.java:61:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like x
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/RectUtils.java:62:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like y
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/RectUtils.java:62:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like y
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/RotationGestureDetector.java:9:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like INVALID_POINTER_INDEX
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/RotationGestureDetector.java:9:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like INVALID_POINTER_INDEX
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/RotationGestureDetector.java:11:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like fX
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/RotationGestureDetector.java:11:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like fX
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/RotationGestureDetector.java:11:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like fY
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/RotationGestureDetector.java:11:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like fY
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/RotationGestureDetector.java:11:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sX
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/RotationGestureDetector.java:11:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sX
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/RotationGestureDetector.java:11:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sY
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/RotationGestureDetector.java:11:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sY
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/RotationGestureDetector.java:17:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'mListener' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/RotationGestureDetector.java:17:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'mListener' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/RotationGestureDetector.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'listener' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/RotationGestureDetector.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'listener' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/RotationGestureDetector.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/RotationGestureDetector.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/RotationGestureDetector.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fx1' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/RotationGestureDetector.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fx1' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/RotationGestureDetector.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fx2' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/RotationGestureDetector.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fx2' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/RotationGestureDetector.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fy1' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/RotationGestureDetector.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fy1' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/RotationGestureDetector.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fy2' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/RotationGestureDetector.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fy2' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/RotationGestureDetector.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sx1' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/RotationGestureDetector.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sx1' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/RotationGestureDetector.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sx2' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/RotationGestureDetector.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sx2' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/RotationGestureDetector.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sy1' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/RotationGestureDetector.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sy1' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/RotationGestureDetector.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sy2' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/RotationGestureDetector.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sy2' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/RotationGestureDetector.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'angleFrom' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/RotationGestureDetector.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'angleFrom' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/RotationGestureDetector.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'angleTo' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/RotationGestureDetector.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'angleTo' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/RotationGestureDetector.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rotationDetector' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/RotationGestureDetector.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rotationDetector' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/SelectedStateListDrawable.java:12:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'mSelectionColor' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/SelectedStateListDrawable.java:12:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'mSelectionColor' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/SelectedStateListDrawable.java:14:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'drawable' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/SelectedStateListDrawable.java:14:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'drawable' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/SelectedStateListDrawable.java:14:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'selectionColor' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/SelectedStateListDrawable.java:14:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'selectionColor' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/SelectedStateListDrawable.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'states' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/SelectedStateListDrawable.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'states' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/SelectedStateListDrawable.java:23:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like isStatePressedInArray
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/util/SelectedStateListDrawable.java:23:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like isStatePressedInArray
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:36:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_MAX_BITMAP_SIZE
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:36:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_MAX_BITMAP_SIZE
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:37:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_IMAGE_TO_CROP_BOUNDS_ANIM_DURATION
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:37:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_IMAGE_TO_CROP_BOUNDS_ANIM_DURATION
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:38:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_MAX_SCALE_MULTIPLIER
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:38:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_MAX_SCALE_MULTIPLIER
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:39:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like SOURCE_IMAGE_ASPECT_RATIO
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:39:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like SOURCE_IMAGE_ASPECT_RATIO
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:40:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_ASPECT_RATIO
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:40:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_ASPECT_RATIO
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:46:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mTargetAspectRatio
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:46:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mTargetAspectRatio
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:47:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mMaxScaleMultiplier
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:47:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mMaxScaleMultiplier
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:49:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mCropBoundsChangeListener
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:49:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mCropBoundsChangeListener
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:51:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mWrapCropBoundsRunnable
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:51:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mWrapCropBoundsRunnable
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:51:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mZoomImageToPositionRunnable
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:51:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mZoomImageToPositionRunnable
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:54:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mMaxResultImageSizeX
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:54:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mMaxResultImageSizeX
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:54:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mMaxResultImageSizeY
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:54:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mMaxResultImageSizeY
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:55:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mImageToWrapCropBoundsAnimDuration
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:55:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mImageToWrapCropBoundsAnimDuration
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'attrs' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'attrs' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'attrs' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'attrs' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'defStyle' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'defStyle' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'compressFormat' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'compressFormat' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'compressQuality' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'compressQuality' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cropCallback' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cropCallback' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:118:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cropRect' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:118:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cropRect' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:133:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'targetAspectRatio' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:133:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'targetAspectRatio' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:156:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like cropBoundsChangeListener
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:156:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like cropBoundsChangeListener
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:156:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cropBoundsChangeListener' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:156:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cropBoundsChangeListener' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:165:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like maxResultImageSizeX
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:165:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like maxResultImageSizeX
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:165:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'maxResultImageSizeX' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:165:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'maxResultImageSizeX' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:174:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like maxResultImageSizeY
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:174:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like maxResultImageSizeY
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:174:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'maxResultImageSizeY' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:174:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'maxResultImageSizeY' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:183:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like imageToWrapCropBoundsAnimDuration
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:183:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like imageToWrapCropBoundsAnimDuration
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:183:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imageToWrapCropBoundsAnimDuration' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:183:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imageToWrapCropBoundsAnimDuration' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:196:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like maxScaleMultiplier
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:196:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like maxScaleMultiplier
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:196:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'maxScaleMultiplier' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:196:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'maxScaleMultiplier' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:203:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'deltaScale' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:203:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'deltaScale' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:210:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'centerX' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:210:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'centerX' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:210:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'centerY' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:210:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'centerY' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:210:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'scale' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:210:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'scale' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:219:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'deltaScale' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:219:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'deltaScale' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:226:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'centerX' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:226:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'centerX' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:226:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'centerY' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:226:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'centerY' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:226:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'scale' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:226:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'scale' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:240:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'deltaScale' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:240:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'deltaScale' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:240:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'px' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:240:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'px' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:240:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'py' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:240:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'py' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:240:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like px
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:240:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like px
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:240:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like py
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:240:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like py
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:253:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'deltaAngle' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:253:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'deltaAngle' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:277:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'animate' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:277:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'animate' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:291:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like tempCurrentImageCorners
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:291:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like tempCurrentImageCorners
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:294:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like willImageWrapCropBoundsAfterTranslate
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:294:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like willImageWrapCropBoundsAfterTranslate
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:338:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like unrotatedImageCorners
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:338:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like unrotatedImageCorners
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:339:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like unrotatedCropBoundsCorners
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:339:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like unrotatedCropBoundsCorners
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:344:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like unrotatedImageRect
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:344:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like unrotatedImageRect
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:376:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:376:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:377:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:377:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:419:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imageCorners' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:419:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imageCorners' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:423:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like unrotatedImageCorners
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:423:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like unrotatedImageCorners
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:426:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like unrotatedCropBoundsCorners
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:426:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like unrotatedCropBoundsCorners
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:429:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:429:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:440:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'centerX' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:440:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'centerX' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:440:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'centerY' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:440:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'centerY' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:440:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'durationMs' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:440:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'durationMs' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:457:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:457:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:457:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:457:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:466:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'drawableHeight' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:466:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'drawableHeight' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:466:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'drawableWidth' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:466:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'drawableWidth' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:481:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'drawableHeight' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:481:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'drawableHeight' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:481:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'drawableWidth' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:481:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'drawableWidth' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:490:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like tw
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:490:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like tw
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:491:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like th
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:491:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like th
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:504:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'a' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:504:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'a' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:504:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like a
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:504:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like a
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:505:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like targetAspectRatioX
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:505:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like targetAspectRatioX
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:506:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like targetAspectRatioY
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:506:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like targetAspectRatioY
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:530:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mWillBeImageInBoundsAfterTranslate
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:530:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mWillBeImageInBoundsAfterTranslate
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:532:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cropImageView' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:532:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cropImageView' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:533:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'durationMs' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:533:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'durationMs' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:534:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'oldX' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:534:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'oldX' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:534:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'oldY' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:534:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'oldY' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:535:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'centerDiffX' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:535:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'centerDiffX' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:535:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'centerDiffY' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:535:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'centerDiffY' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:536:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'deltaScale' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:536:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'deltaScale' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:536:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'oldScale' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:536:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'oldScale' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:537:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like willBeImageInBoundsAfterTranslate
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:537:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like willBeImageInBoundsAfterTranslate
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:537:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'willBeImageInBoundsAfterTranslate' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:537:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'willBeImageInBoundsAfterTranslate' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:569:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:569:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:569:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:569:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:594:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cropImageView' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:594:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cropImageView' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:595:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'durationMs' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:595:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'durationMs' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:596:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'deltaScale' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:596:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'deltaScale' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:596:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'oldScale' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:596:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'oldScale' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:597:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'destX' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:597:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'destX' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:597:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'destY' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/CropImageView.java:597:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'destY' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/GestureCropImageView.java:16:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DOUBLE_TAP_ZOOM_DURATION
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/GestureCropImageView.java:16:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DOUBLE_TAP_ZOOM_DURATION
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/GestureCropImageView.java:25:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mDoubleTapScaleSteps
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/GestureCropImageView.java:25:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mDoubleTapScaleSteps
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/GestureCropImageView.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/GestureCropImageView.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/GestureCropImageView.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'attrs' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/GestureCropImageView.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'attrs' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/GestureCropImageView.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/GestureCropImageView.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/GestureCropImageView.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'attrs' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/GestureCropImageView.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'attrs' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/GestureCropImageView.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/GestureCropImageView.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/GestureCropImageView.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'defStyle' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/GestureCropImageView.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'defStyle' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/GestureCropImageView.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'scaleEnabled' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/GestureCropImageView.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'scaleEnabled' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/GestureCropImageView.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rotateEnabled' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/GestureCropImageView.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rotateEnabled' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/GestureCropImageView.java:55:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like doubleTapScaleSteps
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/GestureCropImageView.java:55:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like doubleTapScaleSteps
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/GestureCropImageView.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'doubleTapScaleSteps' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/GestureCropImageView.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'doubleTapScaleSteps' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/GestureCropImageView.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/GestureCropImageView.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/GestureCropImageView.java:117:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/GestureCropImageView.java:117:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/GestureCropImageView.java:120:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'detector' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/GestureCropImageView.java:120:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'detector' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/GestureCropImageView.java:126:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/GestureCropImageView.java:126:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/GestureCropImageView.java:129:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/GestureCropImageView.java:129:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/GestureCropImageView.java:129:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/GestureCropImageView.java:129:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/GestureCropImageView.java:135:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'distanceX' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/GestureCropImageView.java:135:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'distanceX' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/GestureCropImageView.java:135:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'distanceY' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/GestureCropImageView.java:135:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'distanceY' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/GestureCropImageView.java:135:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e1' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/GestureCropImageView.java:135:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e1' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/GestureCropImageView.java:135:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e2' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/GestureCropImageView.java:135:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e2' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/GestureCropImageView.java:135:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e1
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/GestureCropImageView.java:135:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e1
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/GestureCropImageView.java:135:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e2
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/GestureCropImageView.java:135:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e2
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/GestureCropImageView.java:142:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/GestureCropImageView.java:142:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/GestureCropImageView.java:145:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rotationDetector' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/GestureCropImageView.java:145:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rotationDetector' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:33:	TooManyFields:	TooManyFields: Too many fields
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:33:	TooManyFields:	TooManyFields: Too many fields
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:35:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like FREESTYLE_CROP_MODE_DISABLE
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:35:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like FREESTYLE_CROP_MODE_DISABLE
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:36:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like FREESTYLE_CROP_MODE_ENABLE
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:36:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like FREESTYLE_CROP_MODE_ENABLE
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:37:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like FREESTYLE_CROP_MODE_ENABLE_WITH_PASS_THROUGH
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:37:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like FREESTYLE_CROP_MODE_ENABLE_WITH_PASS_THROUGH
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:39:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_SHOW_CROP_FRAME
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:39:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_SHOW_CROP_FRAME
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:40:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_SHOW_CROP_GRID
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:40:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_SHOW_CROP_GRID
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:41:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_CIRCLE_DIMMED_LAYER
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:41:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_CIRCLE_DIMMED_LAYER
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:42:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_FREESTYLE_CROP_MODE
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:42:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_FREESTYLE_CROP_MODE
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:43:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_CROP_GRID_ROW_COUNT
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:43:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_CROP_GRID_ROW_COUNT
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:44:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_CROP_GRID_COLUMN_COUNT
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:44:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_CROP_GRID_COLUMN_COUNT
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:53:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mCropGridColumnCount
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:53:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mCropGridColumnCount
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:54:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mTargetAspectRatio
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:54:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mTargetAspectRatio
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:57:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mCircleDimmedLayer
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:57:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mCircleDimmedLayer
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:59:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'mCircularPath' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:59:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'mCircularPath' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:60:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'mDimmedStrokePaint' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:60:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'mDimmedStrokePaint' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:60:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mDimmedStrokePaint
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:60:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mDimmedStrokePaint
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:61:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'mCropGridPaint' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:61:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'mCropGridPaint' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:62:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'mCropFramePaint' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:62:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'mCropFramePaint' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:63:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'mCropFrameCornersPaint' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:63:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'mCropFrameCornersPaint' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:63:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mCropFrameCornersPaint
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:63:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mCropFrameCornersPaint
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:65:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mFreestyleCropMode
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:65:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mFreestyleCropMode
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:67:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mCurrentTouchCornerIndex
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:67:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mCurrentTouchCornerIndex
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:68:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mTouchPointThreshold
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:68:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mTouchPointThreshold
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:70:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mCropRectCornerTouchAreaLineLength
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:70:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mCropRectCornerTouchAreaLineLength
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:74:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mShouldSetupCropBounds
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:74:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mShouldSetupCropBounds
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:86:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'attrs' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:86:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'attrs' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:86:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:86:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'attrs' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'attrs' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'defStyle' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'defStyle' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'callback' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'callback' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:120:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like freestyleCropEnabled
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:120:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like freestyleCropEnabled
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:120:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'freestyleCropEnabled' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:120:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'freestyleCropEnabled' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:129:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mFreestyleCropMode
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:129:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mFreestyleCropMode
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:129:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mFreestyleCropMode' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:129:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mFreestyleCropMode' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:139:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'circleDimmedLayer' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:139:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'circleDimmedLayer' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:147:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cropGridRowCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:147:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cropGridRowCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:156:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like cropGridColumnCount
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:156:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like cropGridColumnCount
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:156:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cropGridColumnCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:156:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cropGridColumnCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:166:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'showCropFrame' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:166:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'showCropFrame' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:175:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'showCropGrid' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:175:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'showCropGrid' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:184:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dimmedColor' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:184:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dimmedColor' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:191:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'width' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:191:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'width' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:198:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'width' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:198:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'width' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:205:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'color' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:205:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'color' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:212:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'color' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:212:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'color' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:219:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'color' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:219:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'color' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:279:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'changed' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:279:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'changed' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:300:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'canvas' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:300:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'canvas' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:307:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:307:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:312:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like x
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:312:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like x
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:313:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like y
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:313:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like y
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:364:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'touchX' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:364:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'touchX' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:364:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'touchY' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:364:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'touchY' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:417:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'touchX' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:417:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'touchX' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:417:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'touchY' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:417:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'touchY' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:419:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like closestPointDistance
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:419:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like closestPointDistance
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:456:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'canvas' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:456:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'canvas' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:478:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'canvas' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:478:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'canvas' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:531:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'a' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:531:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'a' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:531:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like a
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:531:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like a
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:534:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:534:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:550:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'a' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:550:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'a' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:550:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like a
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:550:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like a
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:551:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like cropFrameStrokeSize
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:551:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like cropFrameStrokeSize
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:552:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:552:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:554:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:554:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:569:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'a' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:569:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'a' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:569:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like a
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:569:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like a
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:570:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like cropGridStrokeSize
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:570:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like cropGridStrokeSize
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:571:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:571:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:573:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/OverlayView.java:573:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:33:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like RECT_CORNER_POINTS_COORDS
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:33:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like RECT_CORNER_POINTS_COORDS
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:34:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like RECT_CENTER_POINT_COORDS
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:34:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like RECT_CENTER_POINT_COORDS
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:35:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like MATRIX_VALUES_COUNT
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:35:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like MATRIX_VALUES_COUNT
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:37:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mCurrentImageCorners
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:37:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mCurrentImageCorners
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:38:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mCurrentImageCenter
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:38:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mCurrentImageCenter
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:42:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mCurrentImageMatrix
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:42:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mCurrentImageMatrix
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:45:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mTransformImageListener
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:45:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mTransformImageListener
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:47:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mInitialImageCorners
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:47:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mInitialImageCorners
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:48:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mInitialImageCenter
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:48:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mInitialImageCenter
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:65:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:65:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'attrs' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'attrs' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'attrs' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'attrs' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'defStyle' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'defStyle' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:86:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like transformImageListener
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:86:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like transformImageListener
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:86:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'transformImageListener' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:86:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'transformImageListener' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:91:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'scaleType' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:91:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'scaleType' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:105:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'maxBitmapSize' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:105:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'maxBitmapSize' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:139:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imageUri' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:139:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imageUri' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:139:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'outputUri' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:139:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'outputUri' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:146:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'bitmap' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:146:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'bitmap' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:146:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'exifInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:146:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'exifInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:146:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imageInputPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:146:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imageInputPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:146:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imageOutputPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:146:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imageOutputPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:156:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like bitmapWorkerException
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:156:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like bitmapWorkerException
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:156:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'bitmapWorkerException' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:156:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'bitmapWorkerException' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:176:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'matrix' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:176:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'matrix' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:191:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'matrix' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:191:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'matrix' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:197:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'matrix' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:197:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'matrix' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:218:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'deltaX' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:218:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'deltaX' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:218:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'deltaY' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:218:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'deltaY' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:232:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'deltaScale' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:232:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'deltaScale' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:232:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'px' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:232:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'px' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:232:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'py' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:232:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'py' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:232:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like px
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:232:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like px
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:232:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like py
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:232:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like py
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:249:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'deltaAngle' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:249:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'deltaAngle' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:249:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'px' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:249:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'px' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:249:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'py' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:249:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'py' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:249:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like px
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:249:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like px
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:249:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like py
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:249:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like py
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:264:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'changed' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:264:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'changed' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:289:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:289:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:289:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like w
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:289:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like w
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:290:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:290:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:290:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like h
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:290:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like h
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:312:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'matrix' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:312:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'matrix' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:312:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'valueIndex' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:312:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'valueIndex' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:322:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'logPrefix' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:322:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'logPrefix' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:322:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'matrix' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:322:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'matrix' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:323:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like x
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:323:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like x
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:324:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like y
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/TransformImageView.java:324:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like y
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/UCropView.java:18:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mGestureCropImageView
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/UCropView.java:18:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mGestureCropImageView
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/UCropView.java:21:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'attrs' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/UCropView.java:21:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'attrs' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/UCropView.java:21:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/UCropView.java:21:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/UCropView.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'attrs' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/UCropView.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'attrs' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/UCropView.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/UCropView.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/UCropView.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'defStyleAttr' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/UCropView.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'defStyleAttr' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/UCropView.java:32:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like a
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/UCropView.java:32:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like a
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/UCropView.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cropRatio' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/UCropView.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cropRatio' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/UCropView.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cropRect' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/UCropView.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cropRect' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/UCropView.java:79:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/UCropView.java:79:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/AspectRatioTextView.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/AspectRatioTextView.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/AspectRatioTextView.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'attrs' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/AspectRatioTextView.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'attrs' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/AspectRatioTextView.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/AspectRatioTextView.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/AspectRatioTextView.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'attrs' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/AspectRatioTextView.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'attrs' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/AspectRatioTextView.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/AspectRatioTextView.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/AspectRatioTextView.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'defStyleAttr' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/AspectRatioTextView.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'defStyleAttr' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/AspectRatioTextView.java:51:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like a
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/AspectRatioTextView.java:51:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like a
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/AspectRatioTextView.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'activeColor' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/AspectRatioTextView.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'activeColor' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/AspectRatioTextView.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'aspectRatio' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/AspectRatioTextView.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'aspectRatio' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/AspectRatioTextView.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'toggleRatio' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/AspectRatioTextView.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'toggleRatio' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/AspectRatioTextView.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'canvas' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/AspectRatioTextView.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'canvas' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/AspectRatioTextView.java:93:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like x
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/AspectRatioTextView.java:93:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like x
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/AspectRatioTextView.java:94:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like y
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/AspectRatioTextView.java:94:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like y
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/AspectRatioTextView.java:101:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'a' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/AspectRatioTextView.java:101:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'a' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/AspectRatioTextView.java:101:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like a
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/AspectRatioTextView.java:101:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like a
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/AspectRatioTextView.java:114:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/AspectRatioTextView.java:114:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/AspectRatioTextView.java:114:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/AspectRatioTextView.java:114:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/AspectRatioTextView.java:120:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/AspectRatioTextView.java:120:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/AspectRatioTextView.java:126:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'activeColor' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/AspectRatioTextView.java:126:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'activeColor' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/AspectRatioTextView.java:130:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like textViewColorStateList
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/AspectRatioTextView.java:130:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like textViewColorStateList
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:25:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mScrollingListener
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:25:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mScrollingListener
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:26:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mLastTouchedPosition
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:26:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mLastTouchedPosition
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:28:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mProgressLinePaint
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:28:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mProgressLinePaint
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:29:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mProgressMiddleLinePaint
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:29:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mProgressMiddleLinePaint
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:30:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mProgressLineHeight
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:30:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mProgressLineHeight
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:30:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mProgressLineWidth
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:30:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mProgressLineWidth
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:31:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mProgressLineMargin
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:31:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mProgressLineMargin
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:34:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mTotalScrollDistance
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:34:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mTotalScrollDistance
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'attrs' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'attrs' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'attrs' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'attrs' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'defStyleAttr' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'defStyleAttr' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'attrs' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'attrs' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'defStyleAttr' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'defStyleAttr' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'defStyleRes' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'defStyleRes' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'scrollingListener' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'scrollingListener' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'middleLineColor' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'middleLineColor' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:95:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'canvas' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:95:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'canvas' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:121:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'distance' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:121:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'distance' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:121:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:121:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:133:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:133:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:133:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:133:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:134:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:134:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:134:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:134:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:135:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:135:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:135:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:135:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:140:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:140:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:145:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:145:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:145:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
ucrop/src/main/java/com/yalantis/ucrop/view/widget/HorizontalProgressWheelView.java:145:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
