blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/AbstractSampler.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/AbstractSampler.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/AbstractSampler.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/AbstractSampler.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/AbstractSampler.java:25:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_SAMPLE_INTERVAL
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/AbstractSampler.java:25:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_SAMPLE_INTERVAL
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/AbstractSampler.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/AbstractSampler.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/AbstractSampler.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/AbstractSampler.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/AbstractSampler.java:28:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/AbstractSampler.java:28:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/AbstractSampler.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/AbstractSampler.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/AbstractSampler.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/AbstractSampler.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/AbstractSampler.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/AbstractSampler.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/AbstractSampler.java:30:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'mRunnable' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/AbstractSampler.java:30:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'mRunnable' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/AbstractSampler.java:36:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/AbstractSampler.java:36:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/AbstractSampler.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/AbstractSampler.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/AbstractSampler.java:44:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'sampleInterval'
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/AbstractSampler.java:44:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'sampleInterval'
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/AbstractSampler.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/AbstractSampler.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/AbstractSampler.java:55:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/AbstractSampler.java:55:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/AbstractSampler.java:56:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/AbstractSampler.java:56:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/AbstractSampler.java:57:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/AbstractSampler.java:57:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/AbstractSampler.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/AbstractSampler.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/AbstractSampler.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/AbstractSampler.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/AbstractSampler.java:68:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the doSample method if you want a default access modifier
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/AbstractSampler.java:68:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the doSample method if you want a default access modifier
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/AbstractSampler.java:68:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/AbstractSampler.java:68:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:29:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:29:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:31:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like sApplicationContext
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:31:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like sApplicationContext
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:32:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'sInstance'
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:32:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'sInstance'
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:34:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:34:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:34:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:34:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:37:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the init method if you want a default access modifier
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:37:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the init method if you want a default access modifier
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:37:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:37:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:37:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like blockCanaryContext
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:37:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like blockCanaryContext
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'blockCanaryContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'blockCanaryContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:44:	AvoidThrowingRawExceptionTypes:	AvoidThrowingRawExceptionTypes: Avoid throwing raw exception types.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:44:	AvoidThrowingRawExceptionTypes:	AvoidThrowingRawExceptionTypes: Avoid throwing raw exception types.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:95:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:95:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:104:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:104:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:105:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:105:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:108:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:108:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:143:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dest' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:143:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dest' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:143:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:143:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:152:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'zippedFile' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:152:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'zippedFile' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:162:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull: Return an empty collection rather than null.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:162:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull: Return an empty collection rather than null.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:181:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'whiteList' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:181:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'whiteList' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:199:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'blockInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:199:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'blockInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:199:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:199:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:199:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:199:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:31:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:31:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:31:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the monitor field if you want a default access modifier
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:31:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the monitor field if you want a default access modifier
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:31:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:31:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:32:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:32:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:32:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the stackSampler field if you want a default access modifier
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:32:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the stackSampler field if you want a default access modifier
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:32:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:32:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:33:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:33:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:33:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the cpuSampler field if you want a default access modifier
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:33:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the cpuSampler field if you want a default access modifier
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:33:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:33:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:38:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:38:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:38:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'mInterceptorChain' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:38:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'mInterceptorChain' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'realTimeEnd' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'realTimeEnd' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'realTimeStart' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'realTimeStart' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'threadTimeEnd' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'threadTimeEnd' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'threadTimeStart' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'threadTimeStart' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:54:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'threadStackEntries' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:54:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'threadStackEntries' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:54:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like threadStackEntries
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:54:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like threadStackEntries
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:56:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:56:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:57:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:57:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:57:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:57:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:57:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:57:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:57:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:57:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:57:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:57:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:57:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'blockInfo' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:57:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'blockInfo' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:63:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:63:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:65:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:65:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'interceptor' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'interceptor' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:67:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:67:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:82:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getInstance method if you want a default access modifier
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:82:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getInstance method if you want a default access modifier
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:82:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:82:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:82:	DoubleCheckedLocking:	DoubleCheckedLocking: Double checked locking is not thread safe in Java.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:82:	DoubleCheckedLocking:	DoubleCheckedLocking: Double checked locking is not thread safe in Java.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:83:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	NonThreadSafeSingleton: Singleton is not thread safe
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:83:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	NonThreadSafeSingleton: Singleton is not thread safe
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:98:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:98:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:102:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:102:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:106:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the addBlockInterceptor method if you want a default access modifier
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:106:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the addBlockInterceptor method if you want a default access modifier
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:106:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:106:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:106:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'blockInterceptor' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:106:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'blockInterceptor' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'looperPrinter' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'looperPrinter' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:114:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getSampleDelay method if you want a default access modifier
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:114:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getSampleDelay method if you want a default access modifier
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:114:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:114:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:115:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:115:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:118:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getPath method if you want a default access modifier
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:118:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getPath method if you want a default access modifier
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:118:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:118:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:119:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'state' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:119:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'state' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:120:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'logPath' (lines '120'-'128').
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:120:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'logPath' (lines '120'-'128').
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:120:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'logPath' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:120:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'logPath' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:121:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:121:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:123:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:123:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:124:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:124:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:125:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:125:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:125:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:125:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:127:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:127:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:127:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:127:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:127:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:127:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:130:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the detectedBlockDirectory method if you want a default access modifier
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:130:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the detectedBlockDirectory method if you want a default access modifier
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:130:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:130:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:131:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'directory' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:131:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'directory' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:138:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:138:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:138:	ReturnEmptyArrayRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyArrayRatherThanNull: Return an empty array rather than null.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:138:	ReturnEmptyArrayRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyArrayRatherThanNull: Return an empty array rather than null.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:138:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull: Return an empty collection rather than null.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:138:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull: Return an empty collection rather than null.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:139:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'f' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:139:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'f' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:139:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like f
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:139:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like f
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:140:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:140:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:140:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:140:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:141:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:141:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:146:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:146:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:148:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:148:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:148:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:148:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:148:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'TYPE' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:148:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'TYPE' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:148:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'TYPE' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:148:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'TYPE' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:148:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName: The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:148:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName: The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:148:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'TYPE' starts with uppercase character.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:148:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'TYPE' starts with uppercase character.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:150:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the BlockLogFileFilter constructor if you want a default access modifier
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:150:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the BlockLogFileFilter constructor if you want a default access modifier
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:150:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:150:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:155:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dir' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:155:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dir' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:155:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'filename' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryInternals.java:155:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'filename' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockInterceptor.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockInterceptor.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockInterceptor.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockInterceptor.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockInterceptor.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockInterceptor.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:40:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:40:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:40:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The final field name 'BUSY_TIME' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:40:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The final field name 'BUSY_TIME' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:43:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:43:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:43:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'LinkedHashMap'; use the interface instead
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:43:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'LinkedHashMap'; use the interface instead
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:44:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:44:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:44:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'mPid'
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:44:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'mPid'
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:45:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:45:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:45:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'mUserLast'
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:45:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'mUserLast'
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:46:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:46:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:46:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'mSystemLast'
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:46:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'mSystemLast'
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:47:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:47:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:47:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'mIdleLast'
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:47:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'mIdleLast'
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:48:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:48:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:48:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'mIoWaitLast'
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:48:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'mIoWaitLast'
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:49:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:49:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:49:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'mTotalLast'
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:49:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'mTotalLast'
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:50:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:50:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:50:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'mAppCpuTimeLast'
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:50:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'mAppCpuTimeLast'
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sampleInterval' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sampleInterval' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sb' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sb' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:69:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sb
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:69:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sb
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:71:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'entry' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:71:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'entry' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:72:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'time' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:72:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'time' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:73:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:73:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:82:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:82:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'end' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'end' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:84:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 's' (lines '84'-'100').
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:84:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 's' (lines '84'-'100').
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:84:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:84:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:84:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:84:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:85:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'e' (lines '85'-'100').
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:85:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'e' (lines '85'-'100').
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:85:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'e' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:85:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'e' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:85:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:85:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:86:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'last' (lines '86'-'100').
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:86:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'last' (lines '86'-'100').
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:88:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'entry' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:88:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'entry' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:89:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'time' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:89:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'time' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:91:	AvoidDeeplyNestedIfStmts:	AvoidDeeplyNestedIfStmts: Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:91:	AvoidDeeplyNestedIfStmts:	AvoidDeeplyNestedIfStmts: Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:92:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:92:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:94:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'last' (lines '94'-'100').
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:94:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'last' (lines '94'-'100').
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:104:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cpuReader' (lines '104'-'108').
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:104:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cpuReader' (lines '104'-'108').
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:105:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pidReader' (lines '105'-'118').
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:105:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pidReader' (lines '105'-'118').
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:107:	UseTryWithResources:	UseTryWithResources: Consider using a try-with-resources statement instead of explicitly closing the resource
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:107:	UseTryWithResources:	UseTryWithResources: Consider using a try-with-resources statement instead of explicitly closing the resource
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:109:	AvoidFileStream:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:109:	AvoidFileStream:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:116:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:116:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:119:	AvoidFileStream:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:119:	AvoidFileStream:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:126:	AvoidCatchingThrowable:	AvoidCatchingThrowable: A catch statement should never catch throwable since it includes errors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:126:	AvoidCatchingThrowable:	AvoidCatchingThrowable: A catch statement should never catch throwable since it includes errors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:151:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cpuRate' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:151:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cpuRate' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:151:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pidCpuRate' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:151:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pidCpuRate' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:152:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cpuInfoArray' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:152:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cpuInfoArray' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:153:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:153:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:154:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:154:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:157:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:157:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:158:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nice' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:158:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nice' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:159:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'system' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:159:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'system' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:160:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'idle' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:160:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'idle' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:161:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ioWait' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:161:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ioWait' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:162:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'total' (lines '162'-'214').
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:162:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'total' (lines '162'-'214').
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:162:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'total' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:162:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'total' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:162:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:162:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:166:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pidCpuInfoList' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:166:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pidCpuInfoList' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:167:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:167:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:171:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'appCpuTime' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:171:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'appCpuTime' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:177:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'stringBuilder' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:177:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'stringBuilder' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:178:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'idleTime' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:178:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'idleTime' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:179:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'totalTime' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:179:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'totalTime' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:188:	AppendCharacterWithChar:	AppendCharacterWithChar: Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:188:	AppendCharacterWithChar:	AppendCharacterWithChar: Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:199:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'entry' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:199:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'entry' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:200:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'key' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:200:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'key' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:202:	AvoidBranchingStatementAsLastInLoop:	AvoidBranchingStatementAsLastInLoop: Avoid using a branching statement as the last in a loop.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/CpuSampler.java:202:	AvoidBranchingStatementAsLastInLoop:	AvoidBranchingStatementAsLastInLoop: Avoid using a branching statement as the last in a loop.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/HandlerThreadFactory.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/HandlerThreadFactory.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/HandlerThreadFactory.java:21:	ClassNamingConventions:	ClassNamingConventions: The utility class name 'HandlerThreadFactory' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]+(Utils?|Helper|Constants)'
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/HandlerThreadFactory.java:21:	ClassNamingConventions:	ClassNamingConventions: The utility class name 'HandlerThreadFactory' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]+(Utils?|Helper|Constants)'
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/HandlerThreadFactory.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/HandlerThreadFactory.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/HandlerThreadFactory.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/HandlerThreadFactory.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/HandlerThreadFactory.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/HandlerThreadFactory.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/HandlerThreadFactory.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/HandlerThreadFactory.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/HandlerThreadFactory.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/HandlerThreadFactory.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/HandlerThreadFactory.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/HandlerThreadFactory.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/HandlerThreadFactory.java:39:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/HandlerThreadFactory.java:39:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/HandlerThreadFactory.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/HandlerThreadFactory.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/HandlerThreadFactory.java:39:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'handler' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/HandlerThreadFactory.java:39:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'handler' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/HandlerThreadFactory.java:39:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'handler'
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/HandlerThreadFactory.java:39:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'handler'
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/HandlerThreadFactory.java:39:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The field initializer for 'handler' is never used (overwritten on line 44)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/HandlerThreadFactory.java:39:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The field initializer for 'handler' is never used (overwritten on line 44)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/HandlerThreadFactory.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/HandlerThreadFactory.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/HandlerThreadFactory.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'threadName' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/HandlerThreadFactory.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'threadName' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/HandlerThreadFactory.java:42:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'handlerThread' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/HandlerThreadFactory.java:42:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'handlerThread' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:32:	ClassNamingConventions:	ClassNamingConventions: The utility class name 'LogWriter' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]+(Utils?|Helper|Constants)'
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:32:	ClassNamingConventions:	ClassNamingConventions: The utility class name 'LogWriter' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]+(Utils?|Helper|Constants)'
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:32:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:32:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:37:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like FILE_NAME_FORMATTER
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:37:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like FILE_NAME_FORMATTER
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'str' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'str' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:68:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'now' (lines '68'-'81').
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:68:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'now' (lines '68'-'81').
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:68:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'now' (lines '68'-'81').
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:68:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'now' (lines '68'-'81').
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:68:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'now' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:68:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'now' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'f' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'f' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:69:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like f
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:69:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like f
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:72:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'aF' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:72:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'aF' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:83:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:83:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:86:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'files' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:86:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'files' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:88:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'file' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:88:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'file' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:92:	AvoidCatchingThrowable:	AvoidCatchingThrowable: A catch statement should never catch throwable since it includes errors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:92:	AvoidCatchingThrowable:	AvoidCatchingThrowable: A catch statement should never catch throwable since it includes errors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:98:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'logFileName' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:98:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'logFileName' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:98:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'str' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:98:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'str' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:99:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'path' (lines '99'-'104').
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:99:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'path' (lines '99'-'104').
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:100:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'writer' (lines '100'-'111').
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:100:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'writer' (lines '100'-'111').
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:101:	UseTryWithResources:	UseTryWithResources: Consider using a try-with-resources statement instead of explicitly closing the resource
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:101:	UseTryWithResources:	UseTryWithResources: Consider using a try-with-resources statement instead of explicitly closing the resource
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:102:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'file' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:102:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'file' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:103:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'time' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:103:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'time' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:104:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:104:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:106:	UnsynchronizedStaticDateFormatter:	UnsynchronizedStaticDateFormatter: Static DateFormatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:106:	UnsynchronizedStaticDateFormatter:	UnsynchronizedStaticDateFormatter: Static DateFormatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:106:	UnsynchronizedStaticFormatter:	UnsynchronizedStaticFormatter: Static Formatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:106:	UnsynchronizedStaticFormatter:	UnsynchronizedStaticFormatter: Static Formatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:108:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this FileOutputStream object are closed after use
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:108:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this FileOutputStream object are closed after use
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:108:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'out' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:108:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'out' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:109:	AvoidFileStream:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:109:	AvoidFileStream:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:116:	UnsynchronizedStaticDateFormatter:	UnsynchronizedStaticDateFormatter: Static DateFormatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:116:	UnsynchronizedStaticDateFormatter:	UnsynchronizedStaticDateFormatter: Static DateFormatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:116:	UnsynchronizedStaticFormatter:	UnsynchronizedStaticFormatter: Static Formatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:116:	UnsynchronizedStaticFormatter:	UnsynchronizedStaticFormatter: Static Formatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:124:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:124:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:126:	AvoidCatchingThrowable:	AvoidCatchingThrowable: A catch statement should never catch throwable since it includes errors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:126:	AvoidCatchingThrowable:	AvoidCatchingThrowable: A catch statement should never catch throwable since it includes errors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:133:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:133:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:140:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:140:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:140:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'filename' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LogWriter.java:140:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'filename' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:24:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_BLOCK_THRESHOLD_MILLIS
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:24:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_BLOCK_THRESHOLD_MILLIS
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:26:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'mBlockThresholdMillis' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:26:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'mBlockThresholdMillis' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:26:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mBlockThresholdMillis
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:26:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mBlockThresholdMillis
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:26:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The field initializer for 'mBlockThresholdMillis' is never used (overwritten on line 45)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:26:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The field initializer for 'mBlockThresholdMillis' is never used (overwritten on line 45)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:27:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'mStartTimestamp'
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:27:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'mStartTimestamp'
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:28:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:28:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:28:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mStartThreadTimestamp
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:28:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mStartThreadTimestamp
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:28:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'mStartThreadTimestamp'
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:28:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'mStartThreadTimestamp'
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:29:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:29:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:29:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'mBlockListener' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:29:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'mBlockListener' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:29:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'mBlockListener'
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:29:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'mBlockListener'
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:29:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The field initializer for 'mBlockListener' is never used (overwritten on line 44)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:29:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The field initializer for 'mBlockListener' is never used (overwritten on line 44)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:30:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'mPrintingStarted'
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:30:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'mPrintingStarted'
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:31:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:31:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:31:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mStopWhenDebugging
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:31:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mStopWhenDebugging
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:40:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like blockThresholdMillis
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:40:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like blockThresholdMillis
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'blockListener' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'blockListener' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'blockThresholdMillis' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'blockThresholdMillis' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'stopWhenDebugging' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'stopWhenDebugging' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:50:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like x
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:50:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like x
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:54:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:54:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'endTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'endTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:86:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:86:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:87:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:87:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:87:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:87:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:90:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:90:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:91:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:91:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:91:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:91:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:96:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:96:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:97:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:97:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:97:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:97:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:100:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:100:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:101:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:101:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:101:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/LooperMonitor.java:101:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:28:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_MAX_ENTRY_COUNT
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:28:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_MAX_ENTRY_COUNT
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:29:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'sStackMap' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:29:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'sStackMap' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:29:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'LinkedHashMap'; use the interface instead
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:29:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'LinkedHashMap'; use the interface instead
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:29:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'sStackMap' is not all capitals.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:29:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'sStackMap' is not all capitals.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:31:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:31:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:32:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:32:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:32:	DoNotUseThreads:	DoNotUseThreads: To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:32:	DoNotUseThreads:	DoNotUseThreads: To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:34:	DoNotUseThreads:	DoNotUseThreads: To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:34:	DoNotUseThreads:	DoNotUseThreads: To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:34:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like sampleIntervalMillis
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:34:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like sampleIntervalMillis
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sampleIntervalMillis' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sampleIntervalMillis' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'thread' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'thread' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:38:	DoNotUseThreads:	DoNotUseThreads: To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:38:	DoNotUseThreads:	DoNotUseThreads: To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:38:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like sampleIntervalMillis
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:38:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like sampleIntervalMillis
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'maxEntryCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'maxEntryCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sampleIntervalMillis' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sampleIntervalMillis' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'thread' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'thread' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:44:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:44:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'endTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'endTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'startTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'startTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:45:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:45:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'entryTime' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'entryTime' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'stringBuilder' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'stringBuilder' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:63:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'stackTraceElement' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:63:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'stackTraceElement' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:71:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:71:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:71:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/StackSampler.java:71:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:34:	TooManyFields:	TooManyFields: Too many fields
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:34:	TooManyFields:	TooManyFields: Too many fields
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:42:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like KV
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:42:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like KV
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:44:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like NEW_INSTANCE_METHOD
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:44:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like NEW_INSTANCE_METHOD
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:55:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like KEY_THREAD_TIME_COST
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:55:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like KEY_THREAD_TIME_COST
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:56:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like KEY_TIME_COST_START
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:56:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like KEY_TIME_COST_START
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:59:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:59:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:61:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:61:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:63:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:63:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:64:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:64:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:66:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:66:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:66:	MutableStaticState:	MutableStaticState: Do not use non-final non-private static fields
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:66:	MutableStaticState:	MutableStaticState: Do not use non-final non-private static fields
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:67:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:67:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:67:	MutableStaticState:	MutableStaticState: Do not use non-final non-private static fields
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:67:	MutableStaticState:	MutableStaticState: Do not use non-final non-private static fields
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:68:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:68:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:68:	MutableStaticState:	MutableStaticState: Do not use non-final non-private static fields
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:68:	MutableStaticState:	MutableStaticState: Do not use non-final non-private static fields
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:68:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The field initializer for 'sApiLevel' is never used (overwritten on line 107)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:68:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The field initializer for 'sApiLevel' is never used (overwritten on line 107)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:73:	MutableStaticState:	MutableStaticState: Do not use non-final non-private static fields
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:73:	MutableStaticState:	MutableStaticState: Do not use non-final non-private static fields
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:73:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The field initializer for 'sImei' is never used (overwritten on lines 114 and 117)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:73:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The field initializer for 'sImei' is never used (overwritten on lines 114 and 117)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:74:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:74:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:74:	MutableStaticState:	MutableStaticState: Do not use non-final non-private static fields
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:74:	MutableStaticState:	MutableStaticState: Do not use non-final non-private static fields
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:74:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The field initializer for 'sCpuCoreNum' is never used (overwritten on line 105)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:74:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The field initializer for 'sCpuCoreNum' is never used (overwritten on line 105)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:76:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:76:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:76:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:76:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:77:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:77:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:77:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:77:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:78:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:78:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:78:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:78:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:79:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:79:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:79:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:79:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:80:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:80:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:80:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:80:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:83:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:83:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:83:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:83:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:84:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:84:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:84:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:84:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:85:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:85:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:85:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:85:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:86:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:86:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:86:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:86:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:87:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:87:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:87:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:87:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:88:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:88:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:88:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:88:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:89:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:89:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:89:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:89:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:90:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:90:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:90:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:90:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:91:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:91:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:91:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:91:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:92:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:92:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:92:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:92:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:93:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:93:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:93:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:93:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:94:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:94:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:94:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:94:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:95:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:95:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:95:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:95:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:96:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:96:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:96:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:96:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:96:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like threadStackEntries
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:96:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like threadStackEntries
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:96:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:96:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:98:	AvoidStringBufferField:	AvoidStringBufferField: StringBuffers can grow quite a lot, and so may become a source of memory leak (if the owning class has a long life time).
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:98:	AvoidStringBufferField:	AvoidStringBufferField: StringBuffers can grow quite a lot, and so may become a source of memory leak (if the owning class has a long life time).
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:98:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:98:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:98:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:98:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:98:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'basicSb' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:98:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'basicSb' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:99:	AvoidStringBufferField:	AvoidStringBufferField: StringBuffers can grow quite a lot, and so may become a source of memory leak (if the owning class has a long life time).
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:99:	AvoidStringBufferField:	AvoidStringBufferField: StringBuffers can grow quite a lot, and so may become a source of memory leak (if the owning class has a long life time).
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:99:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:99:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:99:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:99:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:99:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'cpuSb' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:99:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'cpuSb' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:100:	AvoidStringBufferField:	AvoidStringBufferField: StringBuffers can grow quite a lot, and so may become a source of memory leak (if the owning class has a long life time).
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:100:	AvoidStringBufferField:	AvoidStringBufferField: StringBuffers can grow quite a lot, and so may become a source of memory leak (if the owning class has a long life time).
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:100:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:100:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:100:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:100:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:100:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'timeSb' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:100:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'timeSb' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:101:	AvoidStringBufferField:	AvoidStringBufferField: StringBuffers can grow quite a lot, and so may become a source of memory leak (if the owning class has a long life time).
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:101:	AvoidStringBufferField:	AvoidStringBufferField: StringBuffers can grow quite a lot, and so may become a source of memory leak (if the owning class has a long life time).
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:101:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:101:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:101:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:101:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:101:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'stackSb' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:101:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'stackSb' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:102:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:102:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:110:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'telephonyManager' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:110:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'telephonyManager' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:115:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:115:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:121:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:121:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:121:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:121:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:121:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:121:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:124:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:124:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:125:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'blockInfo' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:125:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'blockInfo' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:126:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'context' (lines '126'-'149').
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:126:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'context' (lines '126'-'149').
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:126:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:126:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:126:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:126:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:127:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:127:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:129:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:129:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:129:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'info' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:129:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'info' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:132:	AvoidCatchingThrowable:	AvoidCatchingThrowable: A catch statement should never catch throwable since it includes errors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:132:	AvoidCatchingThrowable:	AvoidCatchingThrowable: A catch statement should never catch throwable since it includes errors.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:142:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:142:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:144:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:144:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:151:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:151:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:151:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setCpuBusyFlag' should not return any type except void linguistically
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:151:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setCpuBusyFlag' should not return any type except void linguistically
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:151:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'busy' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:151:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'busy' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:156:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:156:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:156:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setRecentCpuRate' should not return any type except void linguistically
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:156:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setRecentCpuRate' should not return any type except void linguistically
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:156:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'info' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:156:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'info' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:161:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:161:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:161:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setThreadStackEntries' should not return any type except void linguistically
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:161:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setThreadStackEntries' should not return any type except void linguistically
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:161:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like threadStackEntries
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:161:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like threadStackEntries
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:161:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:161:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:161:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'threadStackEntries' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:161:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'threadStackEntries' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:166:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:166:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:166:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setMainThreadTimeCost' should not return any type except void linguistically
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:166:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setMainThreadTimeCost' should not return any type except void linguistically
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:166:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'realTimeEnd' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:166:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'realTimeEnd' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:166:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'realTimeStart' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:166:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'realTimeStart' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:166:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'threadTimeEnd' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:166:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'threadTimeEnd' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:166:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'threadTimeStart' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:166:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'threadTimeStart' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:169:	UnsynchronizedStaticDateFormatter:	UnsynchronizedStaticDateFormatter: Static DateFormatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:169:	UnsynchronizedStaticDateFormatter:	UnsynchronizedStaticDateFormatter: Static DateFormatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:169:	UnsynchronizedStaticFormatter:	UnsynchronizedStaticFormatter: Static Formatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:169:	UnsynchronizedStaticFormatter:	UnsynchronizedStaticFormatter: Static Formatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:170:	UnsynchronizedStaticDateFormatter:	UnsynchronizedStaticDateFormatter: Static DateFormatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:170:	UnsynchronizedStaticDateFormatter:	UnsynchronizedStaticDateFormatter: Static DateFormatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:170:	UnsynchronizedStaticFormatter:	UnsynchronizedStaticFormatter: Static Formatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:170:	UnsynchronizedStaticFormatter:	UnsynchronizedStaticFormatter: Static Formatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:174:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:174:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:175:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'separator' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:175:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'separator' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:198:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'temp' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:198:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'temp' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:199:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:199:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:208:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:208:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:212:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:212:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:216:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:216:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:220:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:220:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:220:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'toString()' is missing an @Override annotation.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:220:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'toString()' is missing an @Override annotation.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:221:	UselessStringValueOf:	UselessStringValueOf: No need to call String.valueOf to append to a string.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:221:	UselessStringValueOf:	UselessStringValueOf: No need to call String.valueOf to append to a string.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:34:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'sCoreNum'
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:34:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'sCoreNum'
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:35:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'sTotalMemo'
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:35:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'sTotalMemo'
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:47:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:47:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pathname' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pathname' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:57:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dir' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:57:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dir' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:59:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'files' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:59:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'files' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:62:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:62:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:70:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:70:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:71:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:71:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:71:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:71:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:71:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'am' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:71:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'am' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:71:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like am
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:71:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like am
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:72:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mi' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:72:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mi' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:72:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like mi
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:72:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like mi
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:73:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:73:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:77:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:77:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:78:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	NonThreadSafeSingleton: Singleton is not thread safe
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:78:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	NonThreadSafeSingleton: Singleton is not thread safe
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:79:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'str1' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:79:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'str1' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:82:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'initial_memory' (lines '82'-'91').
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:82:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'initial_memory' (lines '82'-'91').
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:82:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'initial_memory' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:82:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'initial_memory' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:82:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'initial_memory' is not final.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:82:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'initial_memory' is not final.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:83:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'localFileReader' (lines '83'-'85').
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:83:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'localFileReader' (lines '83'-'85').
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:84:	UseTryWithResources:	UseTryWithResources: Consider using a try-with-resources statement instead of explicitly closing the resource
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:84:	UseTryWithResources:	UseTryWithResources: Consider using a try-with-resources statement instead of explicitly closing the resource
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:85:	AvoidFileStream:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:85:	AvoidFileStream:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:86:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this FileReader object are closed after use
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:86:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this FileReader object are closed after use
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:86:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'localBufferedReader' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:86:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'localBufferedReader' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:86:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like localBufferedReader
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:86:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like localBufferedReader
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:90:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/PerformanceUtils.java:90:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/ProcessUtils.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/ProcessUtils.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/ProcessUtils.java:25:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/ProcessUtils.java:25:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/ProcessUtils.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/ProcessUtils.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/ProcessUtils.java:27:	AvoidUsingVolatile:	AvoidUsingVolatile: Use of modifier volatile is not recommended.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/ProcessUtils.java:27:	AvoidUsingVolatile:	AvoidUsingVolatile: Use of modifier volatile is not recommended.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/ProcessUtils.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/ProcessUtils.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/ProcessUtils.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/ProcessUtils.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/ProcessUtils.java:28:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'sNameLock' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/ProcessUtils.java:28:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'sNameLock' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/ProcessUtils.java:28:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'sNameLock' is not all capitals.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/ProcessUtils.java:28:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'sNameLock' is not all capitals.
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/ProcessUtils.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/ProcessUtils.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/ProcessUtils.java:36:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/ProcessUtils.java:36:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/ProcessUtils.java:40:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/ProcessUtils.java:40:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/ProcessUtils.java:42:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/ProcessUtils.java:42:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/ProcessUtils.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/ProcessUtils.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/ProcessUtils.java:48:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pid' (lines '48'-'59').
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/ProcessUtils.java:48:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pid' (lines '48'-'59').
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/ProcessUtils.java:48:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/ProcessUtils.java:48:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/ProcessUtils.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'am' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/ProcessUtils.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'am' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/ProcessUtils.java:49:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like am
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/ProcessUtils.java:49:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like am
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/ProcessUtils.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/ProcessUtils.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/ProcessUtils.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'listTaskInfo' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/ProcessUtils.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'listTaskInfo' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/ProcessUtils.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/ProcessUtils.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/ProcessUtils.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'info' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/ProcessUtils.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'info' could be declared final
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/ProcessUtils.java:54:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
blockcanary-analyzer/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/ProcessUtils.java:54:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:27:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'sInstance'
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:27:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'sInstance'
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:32:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like blockCanaryContext
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:32:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like blockCanaryContext
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:32:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'blockCanaryContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:32:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'blockCanaryContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:32:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:32:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:37:	DoubleCheckedLocking:	DoubleCheckedLocking: Double checked locking is not thread safe in Java.
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:37:	DoubleCheckedLocking:	DoubleCheckedLocking: Double checked locking is not thread safe in Java.
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:38:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	NonThreadSafeSingleton: Singleton is not thread safe
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:38:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	NonThreadSafeSingleton: Singleton is not thread safe
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:64:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:64:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:28:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:28:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:30:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like sApplicationContext
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:30:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like sApplicationContext
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:31:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'sInstance'
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:31:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'sInstance'
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:33:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:33:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:33:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:33:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:36:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the init method if you want a default access modifier
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:36:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the init method if you want a default access modifier
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:36:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:36:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'g' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'g' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:36:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:36:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:36:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like g
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:36:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like g
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:43:	AvoidThrowingRawExceptionTypes:	AvoidThrowingRawExceptionTypes: Avoid throwing raw exception types.
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:43:	AvoidThrowingRawExceptionTypes:	AvoidThrowingRawExceptionTypes: Avoid throwing raw exception types.
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:61:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:61:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:65:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:65:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:66:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 99999 should separate every third digit with an underscore
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:66:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 99999 should separate every third digit with an underscore
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:69:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:69:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:73:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:73:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:77:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:77:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:81:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:81:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:85:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:85:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dest' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dest' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:89:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:89:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'zippedFile' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'zippedFile' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:93:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:93:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:93:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull: Return an empty collection rather than null.
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:93:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull: Return an empty collection rather than null.
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:97:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:97:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:101:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:101:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:101:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull: Return an empty collection rather than null.
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:101:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull: Return an empty collection rather than null.
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:105:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:105:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:109:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:109:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'blockInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'blockInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:109:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:109:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:113:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanaryContext.java:113:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:3:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:3:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
blockcanary-android-no-op/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/internal/BlockInfo.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:35:	UnusedPrivateField:	UnusedPrivateField: Avoid unused private fields such as 'TAG'.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:35:	UnusedPrivateField:	UnusedPrivateField: Avoid unused private fields such as 'TAG'.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:38:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:38:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:38:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'mBlockCanaryCore' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:38:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'mBlockCanaryCore' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:39:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:39:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:39:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'mMonitorStarted'
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:39:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'mMonitorStarted'
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:59:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like blockCanaryContext
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:59:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like blockCanaryContext
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'blockCanaryContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'blockCanaryContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:61:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:61:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:70:	DoubleCheckedLocking:	DoubleCheckedLocking: Double checked locking is not thread safe in Java.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:70:	DoubleCheckedLocking:	DoubleCheckedLocking: Double checked locking is not thread safe in Java.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:71:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	NonThreadSafeSingleton: Singleton is not thread safe
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:71:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	NonThreadSafeSingleton: Singleton is not thread safe
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:87:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:87:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:97:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:97:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:98:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:98:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:99:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:99:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:111:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:111:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:115:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:115:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:115:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:115:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:115:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:115:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:115:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:115:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:122:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:122:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:127:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'startTime' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:127:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'startTime' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:128:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:128:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:128:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:128:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:131:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:131:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:134:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:134:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:135:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:135:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:135:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:135:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:135:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'fileIoExecutor' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:135:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'fileIoExecutor' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:135:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'fileIoExecutor' is not all capitals.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:135:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'fileIoExecutor' is not all capitals.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:137:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'appContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:137:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'appContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:138:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'componentClass' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:138:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'componentClass' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:139:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'enabled' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:139:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'enabled' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:140:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'component' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:140:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'component' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:141:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'packageManager' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:141:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'packageManager' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:142:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'newState' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:142:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'newState' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:144:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:144:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:148:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'runnable' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:148:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'runnable' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:152:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'threadName' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:152:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'threadName' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:156:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/BlockCanary.java:156:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/DisplayService.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/DisplayService.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/DisplayService.java:37:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/DisplayService.java:37:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/DisplayService.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/DisplayService.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/DisplayService.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/DisplayService.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/DisplayService.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'blockInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/DisplayService.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'blockInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/DisplayService.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/DisplayService.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/DisplayService.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'intent' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/DisplayService.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'intent' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/DisplayService.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pendingIntent' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/DisplayService.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pendingIntent' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/DisplayService.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'contentTitle' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/DisplayService.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'contentTitle' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/DisplayService.java:48:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'contentText' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/DisplayService.java:48:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'contentText' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/DisplayService.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'contentText' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/DisplayService.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'contentText' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/DisplayService.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'contentTitle' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/DisplayService.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'contentTitle' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/DisplayService.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/DisplayService.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/DisplayService.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pendingIntent' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/DisplayService.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pendingIntent' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/DisplayService.java:54:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'notificationManager' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/DisplayService.java:54:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'notificationManager' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/DisplayService.java:54:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like notificationManager
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/DisplayService.java:54:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like notificationManager
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/DisplayService.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/DisplayService.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/DisplayService.java:65:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'deprecatedMethod' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/DisplayService.java:65:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'deprecatedMethod' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/DisplayService.java:66:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/DisplayService.java:66:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/DisplayService.java:72:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'builder' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/DisplayService.java:72:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'builder' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/DisplayService.java:86:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/DisplayService.java:86:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/SingleThreadFactory.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/SingleThreadFactory.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/SingleThreadFactory.java:25:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/SingleThreadFactory.java:25:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/SingleThreadFactory.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/SingleThreadFactory.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/SingleThreadFactory.java:27:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the SingleThreadFactory constructor if you want a default access modifier
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/SingleThreadFactory.java:27:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the SingleThreadFactory constructor if you want a default access modifier
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/SingleThreadFactory.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'threadName' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/SingleThreadFactory.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'threadName' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/SingleThreadFactory.java:32:	DoNotUseThreads:	DoNotUseThreads: To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/SingleThreadFactory.java:32:	DoNotUseThreads:	DoNotUseThreads: To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/SingleThreadFactory.java:32:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'runnable' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/SingleThreadFactory.java:32:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'runnable' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/SingleThreadFactory.java:33:	DoNotUseThreads:	DoNotUseThreads: To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/SingleThreadFactory.java:33:	DoNotUseThreads:	DoNotUseThreads: To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/Uploader.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/Uploader.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/Uploader.java:26:	ClassNamingConventions:	ClassNamingConventions: The utility class name 'Uploader' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]+(Utils?|Helper|Constants)'
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/Uploader.java:26:	ClassNamingConventions:	ClassNamingConventions: The utility class name 'Uploader' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]+(Utils?|Helper|Constants)'
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/Uploader.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/Uploader.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/Uploader.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/Uploader.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/Uploader.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/Uploader.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/Uploader.java:37:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'timeString' (lines '37'-'39').
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/Uploader.java:37:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'timeString' (lines '37'-'39').
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/Uploader.java:39:	UnsynchronizedStaticDateFormatter:	UnsynchronizedStaticDateFormatter: Static DateFormatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/Uploader.java:39:	UnsynchronizedStaticDateFormatter:	UnsynchronizedStaticDateFormatter: Static DateFormatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/Uploader.java:39:	UnsynchronizedStaticFormatter:	UnsynchronizedStaticFormatter: Static Formatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/Uploader.java:39:	UnsynchronizedStaticFormatter:	UnsynchronizedStaticFormatter: Static Formatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/Uploader.java:40:	AvoidCatchingThrowable:	AvoidCatchingThrowable: A catch statement should never catch throwable since it includes errors.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/Uploader.java:40:	AvoidCatchingThrowable:	AvoidCatchingThrowable: A catch statement should never catch throwable since it includes errors.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/Uploader.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'zippedFile' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/Uploader.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'zippedFile' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/Uploader.java:44:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/Uploader.java:44:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/Uploader.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/Uploader.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/Uploader.java:54:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/Uploader.java:54:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/Uploader.java:55:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/Uploader.java:55:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUi.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUi.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUi.java:23:	ClassNamingConventions:	ClassNamingConventions: The utility class name 'BlockCanaryUi' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]+(Utils?|Helper|Constants)'
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUi.java:23:	ClassNamingConventions:	ClassNamingConventions: The utility class name 'BlockCanaryUi' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]+(Utils?|Helper|Constants)'
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUi.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUi.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUi.java:24:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the LIGHT_GREY field if you want a default access modifier
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUi.java:24:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the LIGHT_GREY field if you want a default access modifier
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUi.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUi.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUi.java:24:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUi.java:24:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUi.java:25:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the ROOT_COLOR field if you want a default access modifier
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUi.java:25:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the ROOT_COLOR field if you want a default access modifier
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUi.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUi.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUi.java:25:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUi.java:25:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUi.java:26:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the LEAK_COLOR field if you want a default access modifier
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUi.java:26:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the LEAK_COLOR field if you want a default access modifier
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUi.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUi.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUi.java:26:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUi.java:26:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUi.java:28:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the CLEAR_XFER_MODE field if you want a default access modifier
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUi.java:28:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the CLEAR_XFER_MODE field if you want a default access modifier
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUi.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUi.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUi.java:28:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUi.java:28:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUi.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUi.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUi.java:47:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the dpToPixel method if you want a default access modifier
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUi.java:47:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the dpToPixel method if you want a default access modifier
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUi.java:47:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUi.java:47:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUi.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dp' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUi.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dp' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUi.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'resources' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUi.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'resources' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUi.java:47:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dp
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUi.java:47:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dp
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUi.java:48:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'metrics' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUi.java:48:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'metrics' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:12:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:12:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'blockInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'blockInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:32:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '32'-'46').
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:32:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '32'-'46').
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:32:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:32:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:32:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:32:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:33:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'stackEntry' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:33:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'stackEntry' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:35:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lines' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:35:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lines' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:36:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'line' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:36:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'line' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:37:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'keyStackString' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:37:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'keyStackString' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:39:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:39:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:42:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:42:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'blockInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'blockInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:54:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'isInWhiteList(BlockInfo)' has a cognitive complexity of 15, current threshold is 15
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:54:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'isInWhiteList(BlockInfo)' has a cognitive complexity of 15, current threshold is 15
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'info' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'info' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:55:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'stackEntry' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:55:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'stackEntry' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:57:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lines' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:57:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lines' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:58:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'line' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:58:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'line' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:59:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'whiteListEntry' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:59:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'whiteListEntry' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:61:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:61:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:70:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:70:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'line' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'line' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:75:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'concernPackage' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:75:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'concernPackage' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:77:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:77:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'stackLine' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'stackLine' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:84:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'index1' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:84:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'index1' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:85:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'index2' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:85:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'index2' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:87:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockCanaryUtils.java:87:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoCorruptException.java:9:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoCorruptException.java:9:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoCorruptException.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoCorruptException.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoCorruptException.java:11:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'blockInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoCorruptException.java:11:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'blockInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoCorruptException.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoCorruptException.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoCorruptException.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'detailMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoCorruptException.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'detailMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:12:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:12:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:12:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'BlockInfoEx' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 31 (Highest = 30).
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:12:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'BlockInfoEx' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 31 (Highest = 30).
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:12:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'BlockInfoEx' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 31 (Highest = 30).
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:12:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'BlockInfoEx' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 31 (Highest = 30).
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:16:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:16:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:17:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like concernStackString
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:17:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like concernStackString
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:25:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'newInstance(File)' has a cognitive complexity of 127, current threshold is 15
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:25:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'newInstance(File)' has a cognitive complexity of 127, current threshold is 15
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:25:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'newInstance(File)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 30.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:25:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'newInstance(File)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 30.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'file' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'file' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:25:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'newInstance' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 30.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:25:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'newInstance' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 30.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:25:	NcssCount:	NcssCount: The method 'newInstance(File)' has a NCSS line count of 94.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:25:	NcssCount:	NcssCount: The method 'newInstance(File)' has a NCSS line count of 94.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:25:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'newInstance' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 30.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:25:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'newInstance' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 30.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:26:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'blockInfo' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:26:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'blockInfo' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:29:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'reader' (lines '29'-'33').
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:29:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'reader' (lines '29'-'33').
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:30:	UseTryWithResources:	UseTryWithResources: Consider using a try-with-resources statement instead of explicitly closing the resource
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:30:	UseTryWithResources:	UseTryWithResources: Consider using a try-with-resources statement instead of explicitly closing the resource
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:31:	AvoidFileStream:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:31:	AvoidFileStream:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:31:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this FileInputStream object are closed after use
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:31:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this FileInputStream object are closed after use
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:31:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'in' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:31:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'in' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:31:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like in
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:31:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like in
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:35:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:35:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:36:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:36:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:37:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:37:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:38:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:38:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:39:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:39:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:40:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:40:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:41:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:41:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:42:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:42:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:43:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:43:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:44:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:44:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:45:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:45:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:46:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:46:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:48:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:48:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:52:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:52:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:53:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:53:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:54:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:54:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:55:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:55:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:56:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:56:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:57:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:57:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:58:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:58:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:59:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:59:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:60:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:60:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:61:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:61:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:62:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:62:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:63:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:63:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:64:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:64:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:66:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:66:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:67:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:67:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:68:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:68:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:69:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:69:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'split' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'split' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:71:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:71:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:72:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:72:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:72:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cpuRateSb' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:72:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cpuRateSb' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:73:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:73:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:74:	AvoidReassigningLoopVariables:	AvoidReassigningLoopVariables: Avoid reassigning the loop control variable 'line'
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:74:	AvoidReassigningLoopVariables:	AvoidReassigningLoopVariables: Avoid reassigning the loop control variable 'line'
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:78:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:78:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:78:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:78:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:78:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:78:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:78:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:78:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:83:	AvoidReassigningLoopVariables:	AvoidReassigningLoopVariables: Avoid reassigning the loop control variable 'line'
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:83:	AvoidReassigningLoopVariables:	AvoidReassigningLoopVariables: Avoid reassigning the loop control variable 'line'
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:87:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:87:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:88:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:88:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:88:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'stackSb' (lines '88'-'119').
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:88:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'stackSb' (lines '88'-'119').
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:88:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:88:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:89:	AvoidReassigningLoopVariables:	AvoidReassigningLoopVariables: Avoid reassigning the loop control variable 'line'
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:89:	AvoidReassigningLoopVariables:	AvoidReassigningLoopVariables: Avoid reassigning the loop control variable 'line'
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:93:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:93:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:93:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:93:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:93:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:93:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:93:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:93:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:97:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:97:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:98:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:98:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:98:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'stackSb' (lines '98'-'119').
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:98:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'stackSb' (lines '98'-'119').
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:100:	AvoidReassigningLoopVariables:	AvoidReassigningLoopVariables: Avoid reassigning the loop control variable 'line'
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:100:	AvoidReassigningLoopVariables:	AvoidReassigningLoopVariables: Avoid reassigning the loop control variable 'line'
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:105:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:105:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:106:	AvoidCatchingThrowable:	AvoidCatchingThrowable: A catch statement should never catch throwable since it includes errors.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:106:	AvoidCatchingThrowable:	AvoidCatchingThrowable: A catch statement should never catch throwable since it includes errors.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:113:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/BlockInfoEx.java:113:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:31:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:31:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:31:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'DetailAdapter' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 10).
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:31:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'DetailAdapter' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 10).
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:36:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:36:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:38:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:38:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:43:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like POSITION_THREAD_STACK
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:43:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like POSITION_THREAD_STACK
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:47:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'context' (lines '47'-'78').
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:47:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'context' (lines '47'-'78').
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:50:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'convertView'
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:50:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'convertView'
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:53:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'textView' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:53:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'textView' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:54:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:54:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:58:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:58:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:60:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'textView' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:60:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'textView' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'isThreadStackEntry' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'isThreadStackEntry' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:62:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like isThreadStackEntry
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:62:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like isThreadStackEntry
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:63:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'element' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:63:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'element' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:68:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:68:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'connectorView' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'connectorView' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:71:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:71:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:73:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'moreDetailsView' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:73:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'moreDetailsView' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:74:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:74:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:82:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:82:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:86:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'elementToHtmlString(String, int, boolean)' has a cognitive complexity of 16, current threshold is 15
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:86:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'elementToHtmlString(String, int, boolean)' has a cognitive complexity of 16, current threshold is 15
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:86:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'elementToHtmlString(String, int, boolean)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 11.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:86:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'elementToHtmlString(String, int, boolean)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 11.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:86:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'element' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:86:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'element' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:86:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'folding' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:86:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'folding' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:86:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:86:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:86:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'elementToHtmlString' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:86:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'elementToHtmlString' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:87:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'htmlString' (lines '87'-'104').
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:87:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'htmlString' (lines '87'-'104').
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:115:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'concernPackage' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:115:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'concernPackage' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:116:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'index' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:116:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'index' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:129:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:129:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:129:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'blockInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:129:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'blockInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:130:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:130:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:135:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:135:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:140:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:140:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:140:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:140:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:148:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:148:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:150:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:150:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:154:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:154:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:156:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:156:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:160:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:160:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:162:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:162:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:164:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:164:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:167:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:167:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:177:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:177:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:179:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:179:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:185:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:185:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:190:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:190:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:190:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'view' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:190:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'view' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:190:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DetailAdapter.java:190:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:16:	ExcessiveImports:	ExcessiveImports: A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:16:	ExcessiveImports:	ExcessiveImports: A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:16:	TooManyStaticImports:	TooManyStaticImports: Too many static imports may lead to messy code
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:16:	TooManyStaticImports:	TooManyStaticImports: Too many static imports may lead to messy code
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:67:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:67:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:67:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:67:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:69:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:69:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:70:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:70:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:71:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:71:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:71:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like SHOW_BLOCK_EXTRA_KEY
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:71:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like SHOW_BLOCK_EXTRA_KEY
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:74:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:74:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:74:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:74:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:75:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:75:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:75:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:75:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:77:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:77:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:77:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:77:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:78:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:78:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:78:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:78:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:79:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:79:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:79:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:79:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:80:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:80:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:80:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:80:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:80:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mMaxStoredBlockCount
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:80:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mMaxStoredBlockCount
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:82:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:82:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'blockStartTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'blockStartTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:83:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'intent' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:83:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'intent' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:90:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like savedInstanceState
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:90:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like savedInstanceState
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'savedInstanceState' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'savedInstanceState' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:93:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:93:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:96:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'intent' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:96:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'intent' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:97:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:97:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:98:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:98:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:108:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:108:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:120:	AvoidPrefixingMethodParameters:	AvoidPrefixingMethodParameters: Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:120:	AvoidPrefixingMethodParameters:	AvoidPrefixingMethodParameters: Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:120:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'outState' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:120:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'outState' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:122:	CallSuperLast:	CallSuperLast: super should be called at the end of the method
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:122:	CallSuperLast:	CallSuperLast: super should be called at the end of the method
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:132:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'resid' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:132:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'resid' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:145:	CallSuperLast:	CallSuperLast: super should be called at the end of the method
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:145:	CallSuperLast:	CallSuperLast: super should be called at the end of the method
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:149:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'menu' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:149:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'menu' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:155:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:155:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:163:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:163:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:168:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:168:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:174:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:174:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:176:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:176:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:184:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:184:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:185:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:185:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:192:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'blockInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:192:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'blockInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:193:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'leakInfo' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:193:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'leakInfo' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:194:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'intent' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:194:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'intent' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:200:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'blockInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:200:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'blockInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:201:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'heapDumpFile' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:201:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'heapDumpFile' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:206:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'intent' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:206:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'intent' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:215:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:215:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:222:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:222:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:230:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'listAdapter' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:230:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'listAdapter' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:234:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'adapter' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:234:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'adapter' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:238:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:238:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:238:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:238:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:238:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:238:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:238:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'view' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:238:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'view' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:238:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:238:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:239:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:239:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:245:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actionBar' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:245:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actionBar' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:247:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:247:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:254:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'v' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:254:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'v' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:254:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like v
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:254:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like v
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:255:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'okListener' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:255:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'okListener' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:257:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dialogInterface' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:257:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dialogInterface' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:257:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:257:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:257:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:257:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:277:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'listAdapter' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:277:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'listAdapter' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:278:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:278:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:286:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:286:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:286:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:286:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:286:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:286:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:286:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'view' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:286:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'view' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:286:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:286:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:292:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actionBar' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:292:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actionBar' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:294:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:294:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:302:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'v' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:302:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'v' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:302:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like v
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:302:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like v
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:304:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:304:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:305:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:305:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:315:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'startTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:315:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'startTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:317:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:317:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:319:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'blockInfo' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:319:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'blockInfo' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:320:	UnusedNullCheckInEquals:	UnusedNullCheckInEquals: Invoke equals() on the object you've already ensured is not null
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:320:	UnusedNullCheckInEquals:	UnusedNullCheckInEquals: Invoke equals() on the object you've already ensured is not null
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:321:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:321:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:327:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:327:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:327:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the BlockListAdapter nested class if you want a default access modifier
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:327:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the BlockListAdapter nested class if you want a default access modifier
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:327:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:327:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:335:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:335:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:340:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:340:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:345:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:345:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:345:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:345:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:347:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'convertView'
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:347:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'convertView'
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:347:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:347:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:350:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:350:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:350:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'titleView' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:350:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'titleView' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:351:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:351:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:351:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'timeView' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:351:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'timeView' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:352:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'blockInfo' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:352:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'blockInfo' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:361:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'keyStackString' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:361:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'keyStackString' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:362:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'title' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:362:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'title' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:364:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:364:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:365:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'time' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:365:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'time' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:366:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:366:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:367:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:367:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:372:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the LoadBlocks nested class if you want a default access modifier
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:372:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the LoadBlocks nested class if you want a default access modifier
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:372:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:372:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:372:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'LoadBlocks' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 12).
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:372:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'LoadBlocks' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 12).
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:372:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'LoadBlocks' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 12).
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:372:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'LoadBlocks' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 12).
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:374:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the inFlight field if you want a default access modifier
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:374:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the inFlight field if you want a default access modifier
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:374:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:374:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:374:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:374:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:374:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'inFlight' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:374:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'inFlight' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:374:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'inFlight' is not all capitals.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:374:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'inFlight' is not all capitals.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:375:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the backgroundExecutor field if you want a default access modifier
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:375:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the backgroundExecutor field if you want a default access modifier
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:375:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:375:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:375:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:375:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:375:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'backgroundExecutor' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:375:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'backgroundExecutor' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:375:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like backgroundExecutor
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:375:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like backgroundExecutor
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:375:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'backgroundExecutor' is not all capitals.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:375:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'backgroundExecutor' is not all capitals.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:376:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:376:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:376:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:376:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:377:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:377:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:377:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:377:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:379:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the LoadBlocks constructor if you want a default access modifier
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:379:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the LoadBlocks constructor if you want a default access modifier
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:379:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'activity' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:379:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'activity' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:384:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the load method if you want a default access modifier
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:384:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the load method if you want a default access modifier
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:384:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:384:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:384:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'activity' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:384:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'activity' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:385:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'loadBlocks' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:385:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'loadBlocks' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:390:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the forgetActivity method if you want a default access modifier
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:390:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the forgetActivity method if you want a default access modifier
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:390:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:390:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:391:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'loadBlocks' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:391:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'loadBlocks' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:392:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:392:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:398:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'run()' has a cognitive complexity of 26, current threshold is 15
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:398:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'run()' has a cognitive complexity of 26, current threshold is 15
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:398:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'run()' has a cyclomatic complexity of 12.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:398:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'run()' has a cyclomatic complexity of 12.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:398:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'run' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:398:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'run' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:398:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'run' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:398:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'run' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:399:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'blockInfoList' (lines '399'-'453').
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:399:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'blockInfoList' (lines '399'-'453').
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:399:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'blockInfoList' (lines '399'-'453').
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:399:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'blockInfoList' (lines '399'-'453').
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:399:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'blockInfoList' (lines '399'-'453').
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:399:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'blockInfoList' (lines '399'-'453').
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:400:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'files' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:400:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'files' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:404:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'blockInfo' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:404:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'blockInfo' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:409:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'needAddToList' (lines '409'-'416').
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:409:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'needAddToList' (lines '409'-'416').
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:409:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'needAddToList' (lines '409'-'416').
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:409:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'needAddToList' (lines '409'-'416').
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:409:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'needAddToList' (lines '409'-'416').
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:409:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'needAddToList' (lines '409'-'416').
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:409:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'needAddToList' (lines '409'-'422').
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:409:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'needAddToList' (lines '409'-'422').
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:409:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'needAddToList' (lines '409'-'422').
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:409:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'needAddToList' (lines '409'-'422').
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:409:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'needAddToList' (lines '409'-'422').
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:409:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'needAddToList' (lines '409'-'422').
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:412:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:412:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:414:	AvoidReassigningLoopVariables:	AvoidReassigningLoopVariables: Avoid reassigning the loop control variable 'blockFile'
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:414:	AvoidReassigningLoopVariables:	AvoidReassigningLoopVariables: Avoid reassigning the loop control variable 'blockFile'
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:414:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:414:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:416:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'needAddToList' (lines '416'-'422').
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:416:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'needAddToList' (lines '416'-'422').
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:416:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'needAddToList' (lines '416'-'422').
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:416:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'needAddToList' (lines '416'-'422').
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:416:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'needAddToList' (lines '416'-'422').
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:416:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'needAddToList' (lines '416'-'422').
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:420:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:420:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:428:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:428:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:430:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:430:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:436:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'lhs' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:436:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'lhs' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:436:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rhs' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:436:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rhs' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:437:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:437:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:437:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:437:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:438:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayActivity.java:438:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:30:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'iconPaint' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:30:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'iconPaint' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:30:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'iconPaint' is not all capitals.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:30:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'iconPaint' is not all capitals.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:31:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'rootPaint' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:31:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'rootPaint' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:31:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'rootPaint' is not all capitals.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:31:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'rootPaint' is not all capitals.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:32:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'leakPaint' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:32:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'leakPaint' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:32:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'leakPaint' is not all capitals.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:32:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'leakPaint' is not all capitals.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:33:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'clearPaint' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:33:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'clearPaint' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:33:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'clearPaint' is not all capitals.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:33:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'clearPaint' is not all capitals.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Enum comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Enum comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:47:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:47:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:48:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:48:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'attrs' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'attrs' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'canvas' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'canvas' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:59:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'width' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:59:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'width' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:60:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'height' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:60:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'height' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:64:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:64:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cacheCanvas' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cacheCanvas' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:72:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'halfWidth' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:72:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'halfWidth' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:73:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'halfHeight' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:73:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'halfHeight' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:74:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'thirdWidth' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:74:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'thirdWidth' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:76:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'strokeSize' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:76:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'strokeSize' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:88:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'radiusClear' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:88:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'radiusClear' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:106:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:106:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:111:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/DisplayConnectorView.java:111:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/MoreDetailsView.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/MoreDetailsView.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/MoreDetailsView.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/MoreDetailsView.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/MoreDetailsView.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/MoreDetailsView.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/MoreDetailsView.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/MoreDetailsView.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/MoreDetailsView.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/MoreDetailsView.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/MoreDetailsView.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/MoreDetailsView.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/MoreDetailsView.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/MoreDetailsView.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/MoreDetailsView.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'attrs' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/MoreDetailsView.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'attrs' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/MoreDetailsView.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/MoreDetailsView.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/MoreDetailsView.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'canvas' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/MoreDetailsView.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'canvas' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/MoreDetailsView.java:37:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'width' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/MoreDetailsView.java:37:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'width' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/MoreDetailsView.java:38:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'height' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/MoreDetailsView.java:38:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'height' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/MoreDetailsView.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'halfHeight' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/MoreDetailsView.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'halfHeight' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/MoreDetailsView.java:40:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'halfWidth' (lines '40'-'46').
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/MoreDetailsView.java:40:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'halfWidth' (lines '40'-'46').
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/MoreDetailsView.java:40:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'halfWidth' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/MoreDetailsView.java:40:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'halfWidth' could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/MoreDetailsView.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/MoreDetailsView.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/MoreDetailsView.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'folding' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-android/src/main/java/com/github/moduth/blockcanary/ui/MoreDetailsView.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'folding' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/AppContext.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/AppContext.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/AppContext.java:26:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/AppContext.java:26:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/AppContext.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/AppContext.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/AppContext.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/AppContext.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/AppContext.java:33:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/AppContext.java:33:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/AppContext.java:33:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/AppContext.java:33:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/AppContext.java:33:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'info' could be declared final
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/AppContext.java:33:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'info' could be declared final
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/AppContext.java:34:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/AppContext.java:34:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/AppContext.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'list' could be declared final
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/AppContext.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'list' could be declared final
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/AppContext.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/AppContext.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/AppContext.java:76:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'list' could be declared final
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/AppContext.java:76:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'list' could be declared final
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/AppContext.java:77:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/AppContext.java:77:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoActivity.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoActivity.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoActivity.java:26:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoActivity.java:26:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoActivity.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoActivity.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoActivity.java:29:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like savedInstanceState
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoActivity.java:29:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like savedInstanceState
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoActivity.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'savedInstanceState' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoActivity.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'savedInstanceState' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoActivity.java:33:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoActivity.java:33:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoActivity.java:33:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoActivity.java:33:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoActivity.java:33:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoActivity.java:33:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoActivity.java:37:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fab' could be declared final
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoActivity.java:37:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fab' could be declared final
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoActivity.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'view' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoActivity.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'view' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoActivity.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'builder' could be declared final
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoActivity.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'builder' could be declared final
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoActivity.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoActivity.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoActivity.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'menu' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoActivity.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'menu' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoActivity.java:57:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoActivity.java:57:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoActivity.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoActivity.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoActivity.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'id' could be declared final
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoActivity.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'id' could be declared final
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoActivity.java:66:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoActivity.java:66:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoActivity.java:70:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoActivity.java:70:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoApplication.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoApplication.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoApplication.java:23:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoApplication.java:23:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoApplication.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoApplication.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoApplication.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoApplication.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoApplication.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoApplication.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoFragment.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoFragment.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoFragment.java:30:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoFragment.java:30:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoFragment.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoFragment.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoFragment.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoFragment.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoFragment.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoFragment.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoFragment.java:39:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like savedInstanceState
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoFragment.java:39:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like savedInstanceState
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoFragment.java:39:	UselessOverridingMethod:	UselessOverridingMethod: Overriding method merely calls super
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoFragment.java:39:	UselessOverridingMethod:	UselessOverridingMethod: Overriding method merely calls super
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoFragment.java:45:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like savedInstanceState
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoFragment.java:45:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like savedInstanceState
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoFragment.java:50:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like savedInstanceState
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoFragment.java:50:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like savedInstanceState
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoFragment.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'button1' could be declared final
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoFragment.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'button1' could be declared final
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoFragment.java:53:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'button2' could be declared final
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoFragment.java:53:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'button2' could be declared final
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoFragment.java:54:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'button3' could be declared final
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoFragment.java:54:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'button3' could be declared final
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoFragment.java:56:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoFragment.java:56:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoFragment.java:57:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoFragment.java:57:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoFragment.java:58:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoFragment.java:58:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoFragment.java:62:	UselessOverridingMethod:	UselessOverridingMethod: Overriding method merely calls super
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoFragment.java:62:	UselessOverridingMethod:	UselessOverridingMethod: Overriding method merely calls super
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoFragment.java:67:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like savedInstanceState
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoFragment.java:67:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like savedInstanceState
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoFragment.java:67:	UselessOverridingMethod:	UselessOverridingMethod: Overriding method merely calls super
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoFragment.java:67:	UselessOverridingMethod:	UselessOverridingMethod: Overriding method merely calls super
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoFragment.java:72:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'v' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoFragment.java:72:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'v' is not assigned and could be declared final
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoFragment.java:72:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like v
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoFragment.java:72:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like v
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoFragment.java:78:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoFragment.java:78:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoFragment.java:88:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoFragment.java:88:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoFragment.java:89:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoFragment.java:89:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoFragment.java:98:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 1000000 should separate every third digit with an underscore
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoFragment.java:98:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 1000000 should separate every third digit with an underscore
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoFragment.java:106:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'reader' (lines '106'-'108').
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoFragment.java:106:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'reader' (lines '106'-'108').
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoFragment.java:107:	UseTryWithResources:	UseTryWithResources: Consider using a try-with-resources statement instead of explicitly closing the resource
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoFragment.java:107:	UseTryWithResources:	UseTryWithResources: Consider using a try-with-resources statement instead of explicitly closing the resource
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoFragment.java:108:	AvoidFileStream:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoFragment.java:108:	AvoidFileStream:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoFragment.java:109:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoFragment.java:109:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoFragment.java:109:	EmptyWhileStmt:	EmptyWhileStmt: Avoid empty while statements
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoFragment.java:109:	EmptyWhileStmt:	EmptyWhileStmt: Avoid empty while statements
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoFragment.java:109:	WhileLoopsMustUseBraces:	WhileLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using while statements without curly braces
blockcanary-sample/src/main/java/com/example/blockcanary/DemoFragment.java:109:	WhileLoopsMustUseBraces:	WhileLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using while statements without curly braces
